I hide myself inside the shadows of shame
The silent symphonies were playing their game
My body echoed to the dreams of my soul
It started something that I could not control

Where can I run to now?
The joke is on me
No sympathizing God, it's insanity

Why don't you just get out of my life?
Why don't you just get out of my life now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone?

Obsessed with fantasy, possessed with my schemes
I mixed reality with pseudo-god dreams
The ghost of violence was something I'd seen
I sold my soul to be the human obscene

How could this poison be the dream of my soul
How did my fantasies take complete control?

Why don't you just get out of my life?
Why don't you just get out of my life now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone?

Well I feel something's taking me I don't know where
It's like a trip inside a separate mind
The ghost of tomorrow from my favorite dream
Is telling me to leave it all behind

Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow
Got to get to happiness, want no more of sorrow

How I lied, went to hide
How I tried to get away from you now
Am I right if I fight?
That I might just get away from you now

Sting me!

Well I feel something's giving me the chance to return
It's giving me the chance of saving my soul
Pictures of demigod are fading away
I'm going backwards but I'm in control

Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow
Getting back to sanity from the depths of sorrow

Was it wise to disguise?
How I tried to get away from you now
Is there a way that I could pay
Or is it true I have to stay with you now?

How I lied, went to hide
How I tried to get away from you now
Am I right if I fight?
That I might just get away from you now

Suck me!

I'm really digging schizophrenia the best of the earth
I'll chase my soul in the fires of hell
Peace of mind eluded me, but now it's all mine
I set the trap but it was me who fell

Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow
Now I've found my happiness from the depths of sorrow

No more lies, I got wise
I despise the way I worship you
Now I'm free, let me see
That now instead I won't be led by you now

Free!