I went to the country - just the other day
To see my Uncle Bill and sorta pass the time away
I asked him how he'd been - since last, I'd passed his way
He rubbed his chin - here's what he had to say.

"My wife's been sick - the young'ns, too
And I'm durn near - down with the flu
The cow's gone dry - and them hens won't lay
But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.

The hogs took the cholera and they've all done died
The bees got mad - and they left the hive
The weevils got the corn and the rain rotted the hay
But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.

The porch rotted down - that's more expense
The durned old mule - he tore down the fence
The mortgage is due and - I can't pay
But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.

The cow broke in the field and eat up the beans
The durn rabbits - they got the turnip greens
And my Ma-in-law just moved in to stay
But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.

My land's so poor - so hard and "yeller"
You have to set on a sack of fetilizer to raise an "umbreller"
And it rains out here - nearly ever' day
But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.

The well's gone dry and I have to tote the water
Up from the spring - about a mile and a quarter
My helper, he quit - for the lack of pay
But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.

The house it leaks - it needs a new top
When it rains - it wets ever'thing we got
The chimney fell down - just yesterday
But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.

The corn meals gone and the meat's run out
Got nothin' to kill to put in the smokehouse
The preacher's comin' Sunday - to spend the day
But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.

The canned stuff's spoiled - else the jar's got broke
And all we got left is one old Billy goat
We're gonna have a new baby about the first of May
But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.

My crop it rotted - in the ground
I asked for another loan but the banker turned me down
But - we're still a-livin' and we're prayin' for better days
So - after all, ever'thing's in purty good shape."