love is alive-Gary Wright[SEP]Well, I think it's time to get ready To realize just what I have found I have lived only half of what I am It's all clear to me now  My heart is on fire My soul's like a wheel that's turnin' My love is alive My love is alive, yeah, girl, yeah  There's something inside that's making me crazy I'll try to keep it together 'Cause what I say may not happen the same way Now could be forever  My heart is on fire My soul's like a wheel that's turnin' My love is alive My love is alive, yeah, girl, yeah  My love is alive Woo hoo, my love is alive  There's a mirror moving inside my mind Reflecting the love that you shine on me Hold on now to that feeling Let it flow, let it grow, yeah, yeah  My heart is on fire My soul's like a wheel that's turnin' My love is alive My love is alive, yeah, girl, yeah  My love is alive Woo hoo, my love is alive Woo hoo, my love is alive My love is alive Woo hoo, my love is alive Woo hoo, my love is alive Woo hoo, my love is alive Woo hoo 
party rock anthem-LMFAO[SEP]Party rock Let's go!  Party rock is in the house tonight Everybody just have a good time And we gon' make you lose your mind Everybody just have a good time (clap!)  Party rock is in the house tonight Everybody just have a good time (I can feel it baby!) And we gon' make you lose your mind We just wanna see you... shake that!  In the club party rock, lookin' for your girl, She on my jock non-stop when we're in the spot Booty move her weight like she on the block Where the drank? I gots to know Tight jeans, tattoo 'cause I'm rock and roll Half-black half-white domino Gain the money Oprah Doe!  Yo! I'm running through these hoes like Drano I got that devilish flow rock and roll no halo We party rock! Yeah, that's the crew that I'm repping On a rise to the top no lead/Led in our Zeppelin Hey!  Party rock is in the house tonight Everybody just have a good time And we gon' make you lose your mind Everybody just have a good time  Let's go  Party rock is in the house tonight Everybody just have a good time (I can feel it baby!) And we gon' make you lose your mind We just wanna see you... shake that!  Every day I'm shuffling Shuffling shuffling  Step up fast And be the first girl to make me throw this cash We get money, don't be mad, Now stop – hating's bad  One more shot for us (Another round) Please fill up my cup (Don't mess around) We just wanna see (You shake it now) Now you're home with me (You're naked now)  [Lauren Bennett:] Get up get down put your hands up to the sound [3x] Put your hands up to the sound [2x] Get up [9x] Put your hands up to the sound, to the sound Put your hands up! [4x]  Party rock is in the house tonight (put your hands up!) Everybody just have a good time (put your hands up!) And we gon' make you lose your mind (put your hands up!) Everybody just have a good good good time  Put your hands up I can feel it, baby! Put your hands up Put your hands up  Shake that! Every day I'm shuffling  Put your put your Put your put your Put your put your Put your put your Put your hands up Your hands up Put your hands up 
2 x 4-Metallica[SEP]I’m gonna make you, shake you, take you I’m gonna be the one who breaks you Put the screws to you, yeah, my way Yeah, come on and come on, come and make my day Make my day  Got some hell to pay, I steal your thunder The joy of violent movement, pulls you under Bite the bullet, well hard Yeah, but I die harder, so go too far Too far  Friction, fusion, retribution I can’t hear you, talk to me I can’t hear you, so talk to me I can’t hear you, are you talking to me? I can’t hear you, are you talking to me? I can’t hear you, time to meet my lord I can’t hear you, talk to two by four  I’m gonna make you, shake you, take you I’m gonna be that one who breaks you Put the screws to you, my way Hey, come on and come on, come and make my day Make my day  Friction, fusion, retribution I can’t hear you, talk to me I can’t hear you, come talk to me I can’t hear you, are you talking to me? I can’t hear you, are you talking to me? I can’t hear you, time to meet my lord I can’t hear you, talk to two by four  Talk to two by four It don’t take no more  Friction, fusion, retribution I’m gonna make you talk to me I’m gonna trick you, so talk to me I can’t hear you, are you talking to me? I can’t hear you, you talking to me? I can’t hear you, time to meet my lord I can’t hear you, talk to two by four She don’t take no more 
prince charming-Metallica[SEP]There’s a black cloud overhead That’s me And the poison ivy chokes the tree Again it’s me I’m the filthy one on Bourbon Street you walk on by I’m the little boy that pushes hard and makes it cry  There’s a dirty needle in your child Stick me Empty bottles still in hand, still dead Still me I’m the suit and tie that bleeds the street and still wants more I’m the forty-five that’s in your mouth, I’m a dirty, dirty whore  Look, it’s me The one who can’t be free Much too young to focus But too old to see  Hey, look, it’s me What no one wants to see See what you brought this world Just what you want to see Hey, Ma Hey, Mom! Look, it’s me  And he wants to be called “Father” now Me again, me The marks inside your arms spell me Spell only me I’m the nothing face that plants the bomb and strolls away I’m the one who doesn’t look quite right as children play  Look, it’s me The one who can’t be free Much too young to focus But too old to see  Hey, look, it’s me What no one wants to see See what you brought this world Just what you want you want to see Hey, Ma Hey, Ma! Look, it’s me  Look up to me, What to be and what to fear Look up to me Look, it’s me. Like what you hear? See right through me See the one who can’t be free See right through me Look, it’s me, what no one wants to see  Now see the black cloud up ahead That’s me And this poison ivy chokes the tree Again it’s me And I’m the filthy one on Bourbon Street you walk on by I’m the little boy that pushes, pushes, makes it cry  Look, it’s me The one who can’t be free Much too young to focus But too old to see  Hey, look, it’s me What no one wants to see See what you brought this world Just what you want to see Hey, Ma Hey, Ma! Look, it’s me  Hey, Ma Hey, Ma! Look, it’s me 
now that we're dead-Metallica[SEP]When darkness falls May it be That we should see the light  When reaper calls May it be That we walk straight and right  When doubt returns May it be That faith shall permeate our scars  When we're seduced Then may it be That we not deviate our cause  All sinners, a future All saints, a past Beginning, the ending Return to ash  Now that we're dead, my dear We can be together Now that we're dead, my dear We can live forever  When all is pain May it be It's all we've ever known  When flame consumes May it be It warms our dying bones  When loss has won May it be It's you I'm madly fighting for  When Kingdom comes May it be We walk right through that open door  All sinners, a future All saints, a past Beginning, the ending Return to ash  Now that we're dead, my dear We can be together Now that we're dead, my dear We can live forever  All sinners, a future All saints, a past Beginning, the ending Return to ash  Now that we're dead, my dear We can be together Now that we're dead, my dear We can live, we can live forever  Return to ashes, shed this skin Beyond the black, we rise again We shall live forever 
creeping death-Metallica[SEP]Slaves Hebrews born to serve, to the pharaoh Heed To his every word, live in fear Faith Of the unknown one, the deliverer Wait Something must be done, four hundred years  So let it be written So let it be done I'm sent here by the chosen one So let it be written So let it be done To kill the first born pharaoh son I'm creeping death  Now Let my people go, Land Of Goshen Go I will be with thee, bush of fire Blood Running red and strong, down the Nile Plague Darkness three days long, hail to fire  So let it be written So let it be done I'm sent here by the chosen one So let it be written So let it be done To kill the first born pharaoh son I'm creeping death  Die by my hand I creep across the land Killing first born man  Die by my hand I creep across the land Killing first born man  I Rule the midnight air, the destroyer Born I shall soon be there, deadly mass I Creep the steps and floor, final darkness Blood Lamb's blood, painted door, I shall pass  So let it be written So let it be done I'm sent here by the chosen one So let it be written So let it be done To kill the first born pharaoh son I'm creeping death 
halo on fire-Metallica[SEP]Obey Obey Come won't you stay Sincere Sincere All ends in tears Endure Endure Thoughts most impure Concede Concede But both shall we bleed  Oh, Halo on fire The midnight knows it well Fast, is desire Creates another hell I fear to turn on the light For the darkness won't go away Fast, is desire Turn out the light Halo on fire  Allure Allure Sweetness obscure Abide Abide Secrets inside Deprive Deprive To feel so alive Obey Obey Just don't turn away  Oh, Halo on fire The midnight knows it well Fast, is desire Creates another hell I fear to turn on the light For the darkness won't go away Fast, is desire Turn out the light Halo on fire  Prayers cannot get through Return to sender Unto which of you Shall I surrender Twisting in disguise Dark resurrection Lighting up the skies Wicked perfection  Too dark to sleep Can't slip away Open or close My eyes betray Beyond the black Come won't you stay  Hello darkness Say goodbye Hello darkness Say goodbye Hello darkness Say goodbye 
crash course in brain surgery-Metallica[SEP]Look inside and you will see, The words are cutting deep inside my brain. Thunder burning, quickly burning, Knife of words is driving me insane, insane yeah.  Raven black is on my track, He shows me how to neutralize the knife. Show to me in surgery, The art of fighting words to conquer life, conquer life yeah.  Now the wicked lance of fear, Is driving from my heady mountain brain. Crash course in brain surgery, Has stopped the bloody knife of words again yeah, yeah, yeah. 
poor twisted me-Metallica[SEP]Oh, poor twisted me Oh, poor twisted me I feast on sympathy I chew on suffer I chew on agony  Swallow whole the pain Oh, it’s too good to be That all this misery Is just for, oh, poor twisted me Poor twisted me  Poor mistreated me Poor mistreated me I drown without a sea Lungs fill with sorrow Lungs fill with misery  Inhaling the deep, dark blue Oh, woe is me Such a burden to be The poor mistreated me  To finally reach the shore, survive the storm Now you’re bare and cold, the sea was warm So warm, you bathe your soul again  Baby, again and again and again  You finally reached the shore, survived the storm Now you’re bare and cold, the sea was warm So warm, you bathe your soul again  Good to feel my friend Oh, woe is me Such a burden to be Oh, poor twisted me Yo, poor twisted me 
the wait-Metallica[SEP]Motives changing, day to day, The fire increases, masks decay. I look at the river, white foam floats down, The body's poisoned, gotta sit tight.  The wait, the wait, the wait, the wait.  After wakening, silence grows, The screams subside, distortion shows. Mutant thoughts of bad mouthed news, Is just another birth of distorted views.  The wait, the wait, the wait, the wait.  The wait, the wait, the wait, the wait. 
all within my hands-Metallica[SEP]All within my hands Squeeze it in, crush it down All within my hands Hold it dear, hold it suffocate  All within my hands Love to death, smack you 'round and 'round and All within my hands Beware  Love is control I'll die if I let go  Hate me now Kill all within my hands Hate me now Crush all within my hands Squeeze all within my hands Choke all within my hands Hate me now Trap all within my hands Hurry up and hate me now Kill all within my hands  All within my hands Take your fear, pump me up All within my hands Let you run, then I pull your leash  All within my hands Under thumb, under to myself All within my hands Beware  Hate me now Kill all within my hands Hate me now Crush all within my hands Squeeze all within my hands Choke all within my hands Hate me now Trap all within my hands Hurry up and hate me now Kill all within my hands again  I'll die if I let go Control is love, love is control I'll fall if I let go Control is love, love is control  I will only let you breath My air that you receive Then we'll see if I let you love me Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill 
that was just your life-Metallica[SEP]Like a siren in my head that always threatens to repeat Like a blind man that is strapped into the speeding driver’s seat Like a face that learns to speak When all it knew was how to bite  Like a misery that keeps me focused though I've gone astray Like an endless nightmare that I must awaken from each day Like conviction A premonition Not worthy of, so I deny…I deny  I blind my eyes and try to force it all into place I stitch them up, see not my fall from grace I blind my eyes, I hide and feel it passing me by I open just in time to say goodbye  Almost like your life Almost like your endless fight Curse the day is long Realize you don't belong Disconnect somehow Never stop the bleeding now Almost like your fight And there it went Almost like your life  Like a wound that keeps on bleeding to remind me not to think Like a raging river drowning when I only need a drink Like a poison that I swallow but I want the world to die  Like a release from prison that I didn't know I was in Like a fight to live the past I prayed to leave From way back then Like a general without a mission Until the war will start again…start again  I blind my eyes and try to force it all into place I stitch them up, see not my fall from grace I blind my eyes, I hide and feel it passing me by I open just in time to say goodbye  Almost like your life Almost like your endless fight Curse the day is long Realize you don't belong Disconnect somehow Never stop the bleeding now Almost like your fight And there it went Almost like your life  Like a touch from hell to feel how hot That it can get if you get caught Like a strike from heaven turns that key And brings you straight down to your knees  Like a touch from hell to feel how hot That it can get if I get caught Like a strike from heaven to reprieve That brings you straight down to your knees  Almost like your life Almost like your endless fight Curse the day is long Realize you don't belong Disconnect somehow Never stop the bleeding now Almost like your fight And there it went Almost like your life That was just your life 
...and justice for all-Metallica[SEP]Halls of justice painted green Money talking Power wolves beset your door Hear them stalking Soon you’ll please their appetite They devour Hammer of justice crushes you Overpower  The ultimate in vanity Exploiting their supremacy I can’t believe the things you say I can’t believe I can’t believe the price you pay Nothing can save you  Justice is lost Justice is raped Justice is gone Pulling your strings Justice is done Seeking no truth Winning is all Find it so grim So true So real  Apathy their stepping stone So unfeeling Hidden deep animosity So deceiving Through your eyes their light burns Hoping to find Inquisition sinking you With prying minds  The ultimate in vanity Exploiting their supremacy I can’t believe the things you say I can’t believe I can’t believe the price you pay Nothing can save you  Justice is lost Justice is raped Justice is gone Pulling your strings Justice is done Seeking no truth Winning is all Find it so grim So true So real  Lady Justice has been raped Truth assassin Rolls of red tape seal your lips Now you’re done in Their money tips her scales again Make your deal Just what is truth? I cannot tell Cannot feel  The ultimate in vanity Exploiting their supremacy I can’t believe the things you say I can’t believe I can’t believe the price we pay Nothing can save us  Justice is lost Justice is raped Justice is gone Pulling your strings Justice is done Seeking no truth Winning is all Find it so grim So true So real  Seeking no truth Winning is all Find it so grim So true So real 
the small hours-Metallica[SEP]Look out at the darkness, and you will see. Just call my name and I'll be there. You cannot touch me, you would not dare. I am the chill that's in the air.  And I try to get through to you, in my own special way, As the barriers crumble at the end of the day.  Dark rivers are flowing back into the past. You are the fish for which I cast. And what of the future, what is to be. As the rivers flow into the sea.  And I try to get through to you, in my own special way, As the barriers crumble at the end of the day.  Do not take for granted, powers out there. Don't step into the demon's lair. Time is an illusion, rising from time. Steep is the mountain which we climb.  And I try to get through to you, in my own special way, As the barriers crumble at the end of the day. 
whiskey in the jar-Metallica[SEP]As I was goin' over the Cork and Kerry mountains I saw Captain Farrell and his money he was countin' I first produced my pistol and then produced my rapier I said stand and deliver or the devil he may take ya  I took all of his money and it was a pretty penny I took all of his money yeah and I brought it home to Molly She swore that she'd love me, no never would she leave me But the devil take that woman yeah for you know she tricked me easy  Musha ring dum a doo dum a da Whack for my daddy-o Whack for my daddy-o There's whiskey in the jar-o  Being drunk and weary I went to Molly's chamber Takin' my money with me, but I never knew the danger For about six or maybe seven in walked Captain Farrell I jumped up, fired off my pistols and I shot him with both barrels  Musha ring dum a doo dum a da Whack for my daddy-o Whack for my daddy-o There's whiskey in the jar-o  Now some men like the fishin' and some men like the fowlin' And some men like ta hear, ta hear the cannon ball a roarin' Me I like sleepin', specially in my Molly's chamber But here I am in prison, here I am with a ball and chain yeah  Musha ring dum a doo dum a da Whack for my daddy-o Whack for my daddy-o There's whiskey in the jar-o  Whiskey in the jar-o Musha ring dum a doo dum a da Musha ring dum a doo dum a da Hey, musha ring dum a doo dum a da Musha ring dum a doo dum a da 
brandenburg gate-Metallica[SEP]I would cut my legs and tits off When I think of Boris Karloff and Kinski In the dark of the moon  It made me dream of Nosferatu Trapped on the isle of Doctor Moreau Oh wouldn’t it be lovely  I was thinking Peter Lorre When things got pretty gory as I Crossed to the Brandenburg Gate  I was feeling snappy perhaps I’d been napping And I’d just ate A following heart can tear you apart On a midnight to 8 shift  A graveyard romance can only give one chance As the tombstones weave and breathe  Feeling happy when my heart got beating On a Sunday afternoon  I dreamt of breezes going through the treeses And stars were still illumed I have three hearts that I keep apart Trying to relate To normal feelings and the nightime reelings And some absynthe drunk so late  The cook got drunk and all the whores they shrunk Onto the size of dessert plates But me I’m happy cause I got my little nappy And some opium to set me straight I’m just a small town girl who wants to give it a whirl While my looks still hold me straight  Straight up to illusion and fantasy’s fusion Of reality mixed with drink I’m just a small town girl who’s gonna give life a whirl Looking at the Brandenburg Gate 
dyers eve-Metallica[SEP]Dear Mother Dear Father What is this hell you have put me through Believer Deceiver Day in, day out, live my life through you Pushed onto me what’s wrong or right Hidden from this thing that they call life  Dear Mother Dear Father Every thought I’d think you’d disapprove Curator Dictator Always censoring my every move Children are seen but are not heard Tear out everything inspired  Innocence Torn from me without your shelter Barred reality I’m living blindly  Dear Mother Dear Father Time has frozen still what’s left to be Hear nothing Say nothing Cannot face the fact I think for me No guarantee, it’s life as is But damn you for not giving me my chance  Dear Mother Dear Father You’ve clipped my wings before I learned to fly Unspoiled Unspoken I’ve outgrown that fucking lullaby Same thing I’ve always heard from you Do as I say, not as I do  Innocence Torn from me without your shelter Barred reality I’m living blindly  I’m in hell without you Cannot cope without you two Shocked at the world that I see Innocent victim please rescue me  Dear Mother Dear Father Hidden in your world you’ve made for me I’m seething I’m bleeding Ripping wounds in me that never heal Undying spite I feel for you Living out this hell you always knew 
cheat on me-Metallica[SEP]Why do you cheat on me Why do I cheat on thee Why do I cheat on me Why do I cheat on me  I have a passionate heart It can tear us apart I have the loves of many men But I don’t love any of them  Why do I cheat on me  You have your feelings I have mine I spit upon you and change my mind I have many hearts to break And many, many, many more to take  Let the light of stars pour out Like a candle in a spout Let the wick recede and break Let the starlight radiate Why do you cheat on me Why do I cheat on me Why do I cheat on thee Why do I desecrate me Why do I piss my dreams That’s because that’s what it is  I have the drive I got the scope If I, if I, if I, could I give you a rope  Your love means zero to me I’m a passionateless wave upon the sea Passionateless wave upon the sea Why, why, why Do you cheat on me Why, why, why Do I cheat on thee Oh why, do I cheat on me Why do I cheat on myself Well I got nobody else  I’m only young once I want to taste it all and have fun I have no real feelings in my soul Where most have passion I got a hole I really got nobody else  I want lovers like the rain So many of them, so much the same You say you love me, I know it’s true But I, I, I don’t love you  Why do I cheat on me Why do you cheat on me Your love means zero to me A passionateless wave Your love means zero to me 
iced honey-Metallica[SEP]You can't put a butterfly in a jar If the effort's too high no matter who you are You can't catch the moon, or the sun or the stars It doesn't matter who you are Iced honey  Now me I've tried a million tricks To make life cold and make it stick Not running heat that flames then out But the proud piece of ice that always floats Iced honey  If I can't trap a butterfly or a bee If I can't keep my heart where I want it to be If no matter how much soul and heart I put to the wood If a flaming heart is not that good Iced honey  If you can't put a butterfly in a jar If violence mars your final hour If you make others feel like jam Poured on a piece of charbroiled lamb  If it's all mixed up and you cannot shout And your oxygen starts to run out If your final gasp has the recipe wrong And instead of hello you say so long  If your energy starts to leak out And people wonder what you're all about A heartbreaker with an unattached heart The story of love gives them all a start  And me, I've always been this way Not by choice, just this way I can't put my honey pot in a jar Or a heart or a fist of some young boy  If you can't put a butterfly in a jar No wonder no need to wonder where you are It might seem like Hell, the river Styx Your affection never sticks  No matter what you say, no matter what you do A butterfly heart flies right past you There's nothing to say, nothing to do See if the ice will melt for you Iced honey 
cure-Metallica[SEP]The man takes another bullet He keeps them all within He must seek no matter how it hurts So don’t fool again  He thinks the answer’s cold and in his hand He takes his medicine The man takes another bullet He’s been fooled again  Uncross your arms Take and throw them to the cure, say, “I do believe”  Uncross your arms now Take them to it, say “I do believe” “I do believe”  The lies tempt her and she follows Again she lets him in She must believe to fill the hollow She’s been fooled again  Uncross your arms Take and throw them to the cure, say “I do believe”  Uncross your arms now Take them to it, say, “I do believe” “Yeah, I do believe”  Betting on the cure It must get better than this Betting on the cure Everyone’s got to have the sickness ‘Cause everyone seems to need the cure Precious cure  Betting on the cure ‘Cause it must get better than this Betting on the cure Everyone’s got to have the sickness ‘Cause everyone seems to need the cure Precious cure  “I do believe”  Betting on the cure It must get better than this Need to feel secure It’s got to get better than this It must get better than this Betting on the cure Everyone’s got to have the sickness ‘Cause everyone seems to need the cure  “I do believe” 
the outlaw torn-Metallica[SEP]And now I wait my whole lifetime for you And now I wait my whole lifetime for you  I ride the dirt, I ride the tide for you I search the outside, search inside for you  To take back what you left me I know I'll always burn to be The one who seeks so I may find And now I wait my whole lifetime  Outlaw of torn Outlaw of torn And I'm torn  So on I wait my whole lifetime for you So on I wait my whole lifetime for you  The more I search, the more my need for you The more I bless, the more I bleed for you  You make me smash the clock and feel I'd rather die behind the wheel Time was never on my side So on I wait my whole lifetime  Outlaw of torn Outlaw of torn Outlaw of torn And I'm torn  Hear me And if I close my mind in fear Please pry it open See me And if my face becomes sincere Beware Hold me And when I start to come undone Stitch me together Save me And when you see me strut Remind me of what left this outlaw torn 
the house jack built-Metallica[SEP]Open door, so I walk inside Close my eyes, find my place to hide And I shake as I take it in Let the show begin  Open my eyes just to have them close again Well on my way, but on my way to where I’ve been It swallows me as it takes me in its fog I twist away as I give this world the nod  Open door, so I walk inside Close my eyes, find my place to hide And I shake as I take it in Let the show begin  Open my eyes just to have them closed once again Don’t want control As it takes me down and down and down again Is that the moon or just a light that lights this dead-end street? Is that you there or just another demon that I meet?  The higher you are The farther you fall The longer the walk The farther you crawl My body, my temple This temple, it tilts Step into the house that Jack built  The higher you are The farther you fall The longer the walk The farther you crawl My body, my temple This temple, it tilts Yes, this is the house that Jack built  Open door, yes, I walk inside Swallow me so the pain subsides And I shake as I take the sin Let the show begin  The higher you are The farther you fall The longer the walk The farther you crawl My body, my temple This temple, it tilts Yes, this is the house that Jack built  The higher you are The farther you fall The longer the walk The farther you crawl My body, my temple This temple, it tilts Yes, I am, I am, I am  Open my eyes It swallows me Is that you there I twist away Away Away Away 
you light up my life-Debby Boone[SEP]So many nights I'd sit by my window Waiting for someone To sing me his song So many dreams I've kept deep inside me Alone in the dark But now you've come along  And you Light up my life You give me hope To carry on You light up my days And fill my nights With song  Rolling at sea Adrift on the waters Could it be finally I'm turning for home? Finally, a chance To say, "Hey, I love you" Never again To be all alone  And you Light up my life You give me hope To carry on You light up my days And fill my nights With song  And you Light up my life You give me hope To carry on You light up my days And fill my nights With song  It can't be wrong When it feels so right 'Cause you You light up my life 
bleeding love-Leona Lewis[SEP]Closed off from love I didn't need the pain Once or twice was enough And it was all in vain Time starts to pass Before you know it you're frozen  But something happened For the very first time with you My heart melted to the ground Found something true And everyone's looking round Thinking I'm going crazy  But I don't care what they say I'm in love with you They try to pull me away But they don't know the truth My heart's crippled by the vein That I keep on closing You cut me open and I  Keep bleeding Keep, keep bleeding love I keep bleeding I keep, keep bleeding love Keep bleeding Keep, keep bleeding love You cut me open  Trying hard not to hear But they talk so loud Their piercing sounds fill my ears Try to fill me with doubt Yet I know that their goal Is to keep me from falling  But nothing's greater than the rush that comes with your embrace And in this world of loneliness I see your face Yet everyone around me Thinks that I'm going crazy, maybe, maybe  But I don't care what they say I'm in love with you They try to pull me away But they don't know the truth My heart's crippled by the vein That I keep on closing You cut me open and I  Keep bleeding Keep, keep bleeding love I keep bleeding I keep, keep bleeding love Keep bleeding Keep, keep bleeding love You cut me open  And it's draining all of me Oh they find it hard to believe I'll be wearing these scars For everyone to see  I don't care what they say I'm in love with you They try to pull me away But they don't know the truth My heart's crippled by the vein That I keep on closing You cut me open and I  Keep bleeding Keep, keep bleeding love I keep bleeding I keep, keep bleeding love Keep bleeding Keep, keep bleeding love You cut me open and I  Keep bleeding Keep, keep bleeding love I keep bleeding I keep, keep bleeding love Keep bleeding Keep, keep bleeding love You cut me open and I Keep bleeding Keep, keep bleeding love 
celebration-Kool & the Gang[SEP]Yahoo! Celebration Yahoo! This is your celebration  Celebrate good times, come on! (Let's celebrate) Celebrate good times, come on! (Let's celebrate)  There's a party goin' on right here A celebration to last throughout the years So bring your good times and your laughter too We gonna celebrate your party with you  Come on now, celebration Let's all celebrate and have a good time Celebration We gonna celebrate and have a good time  It's time to come together It's up to you, what's your pleasure? Everyone around the world come on!  Yahoo! It's a celebration Yahoo!  Celebrate good times, come on! (It's a celebration) Celebrate good times, come on! (Let's celebrate)  There's a party goin' on right here A dedication to last throughout the years So bring your good times and your laughter too We gonna celebrate and party with you  Come on now, celebration Let's all celebrate and have a good time, yeah yeah Celebration We gonna celebrate and have a good time  It's time to come together It's up to you, what's your pleasure? Everyone around the world come on!  Yahoo! It's a celebration Yahoo! It's a celebration  Celebrate good times, come on! (Let's celebrate come on now) Celebrate good times, come on! (Let's celebrate)  We're gonna have a good time tonight Let's celebrate, it's all right We're gonna have a good time tonight Let's celebrate, it's all right, baby  We're gonna have a good time tonight (Celebration) Let's celebrate, it's all right We're gonna have a good time tonight (Celebration) Let's celebrate, it's all right  Yahoo! Yahoo!  Celebrate good times, come on! (Let's celebrate) Celebrate good times, come on! (It's a celebration)  Celebrate good times, come on! (Let's celebrate) (Come on and celebrate tonight) Celebrate good times, come on! ('Cause everything's gonna be alright, let's celebrate)  Celebrate good times, come on! (Let's celebrate) Celebrate good times, come on! 
the loco-motion-Little Eva[SEP]Everybody is doin' a brand new dance, now (Come on baby, do the Loco-motion) I know you'll get to like it if you give it a chance now Come on baby, do the Loco-motion)  My little baby sister can do it with me It's easier than learning your A B C's So come on, come on, do the Loco-motion with me  You gotta swing your hips, now Come on, baby Jump up, jump back Well, now, I think you've got the knack  Now that you can do it, let's make a chain, now (Come on baby, do the Loco-motion) A chug-a chug-a motion like a railroad train, now (Come on baby, do the Loco-motion)  Do it nice and easy, now, don't lose control A little bit of rhythm and a lot of soul So come on, come on, do the Loco-motion with me  Move around the floor in a Loco-motion (Come on baby, do the Loco-motion) Do it holding hands if you get the notion (Come on baby, do the Loco-motion)  There's never been a dance that's so easy to do It even makes you happy when you're feeling blue So come on, come on, do the Loco-motion with me 
sorry-Justin Bieber[SEP]You gotta go and get angry at all of my honesty You know I try but I don't do too well with apologies I hope I don't run out of time. Could someone call a referee? 'Cause I just need one more shot at forgiveness  I know you know that I made those mistakes maybe once or twice And by once or twice I mean maybe a couple of hundred times So let me, oh, let me redeem, oh, redeem, oh, myself tonight 'Cause I just need one more shot at second chances  Yeah Is it too late now to say sorry? 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body, oh Is it too late now to say sorry? Yeah, I know-oh-oh, that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now?  I'm sorry, yeah Sorry yeah Sorry Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now?  I'll take every single piece of the blame if you want me to But you know that there is no innocent one in this game for two I'll go, I'll go and then you go, you go out and spill the truth Can we both say the words and forget this?  Yeah Is it too late now to say sorry? 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body, oh Is it too late now to say sorry? Yeah, I know-oh-oh, that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now?  I'm not just trying to get you back on me (oh, no, no) 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body (your body), oh Is it too late now to say sorry? Yeah, I know-oh-oh, that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now?  I'm sorry, yeah Sorry, oh Sorry Yeah, I know-oh-oh, that I let you down (let you down) Is it too late to say I'm sorry now?  I'm sorry, yeah Sorry, oh Sorry Yeah, I know-oh-oh, that I let you down (let you down) Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? 
love yourself-Justin Bieber[SEP]For all the times that you rained on my parade And all the clubs you get in using my name You think you broke my heart, oh, girl for goodness' sake You think I'm cryin' on my own. Well, I ain't  And I didn't wanna write a song 'Cause I didn't want anyone thinking I still care. I don't But you still hit my phone up And, baby, I'll be movin' on And I think you should be somethin' I don't wanna hold back Maybe you should know that  My mama don't like you and she likes everyone And I never like to admit that I was wrong And I've been so caught up in my job Didn't see what's going on But now I know I'm better sleeping on my own  'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh, baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself  But when you told me that you hated my friends The only problem was with you and not them And every time you told me my opinion was wrong And tried to make me forget where I came from  And I didn't wanna write a song 'Cause I didn't want anyone thinking I still care. I don't But you still hit my phone up And, baby, I'll be movin' on And I think you should be somethin' I don't wanna hold back Maybe you should know that  My mama don't like you and she likes everyone And I never like to admit that I was wrong And I've been so caught up in my job Didn't see what's going on But now I know I'm better sleeping on my own  'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh, baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself  For all the times that you made me feel small I fell in love. Now I feel nothin' at all I never felt so low and I was vulnerable Was I a fool to let you break down my walls?  'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh, baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself  'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh, baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think (you think) that I'm (that I'm) still holdin' on (holdin' on) to somethin' You should go and love yourself 
i want to know what love is-Foreigner[SEP]I gotta take a little time A little time to think things over I better read between the lines In case I need it when I'm older  Now this mountain I must climb Feels like a world upon my shoulders Through the clouds I see love shine It keeps me warm as life grows colder  In my life there's been heartache and pain I don't know if I can face it again Can't stop now, I've traveled so far To change this lonely life  I wanna know what love is I want you to show me I wanna feel what love is I know you can show me  I'm gonna take a little time A little time to look around me I've got nowhere left to hide It looks like love has finally found me  In my life there's been heartache and pain I don't know if I can face it again I can't stop now, I've traveled so far To change this lonely life  I wanna know what love is I want you to show me I wanna feel what love is I know you can show me  I wanna know what love is I want you to show me And I wanna feel, I want to feel what love is And I know, I know you can show me  Let's talk about love I wanna know what love is, the love that you feel inside I want you to show me, and I'm feeling so much love I wanna feel what love is, no, you just cannot hide I know you can show me, yeah  I wanna know what love is, let's talk about love I want you to show me, I wanna feel it too I wanna feel what love is, I want to feel it too And I know and I know, I know you can show me Show me love is real, yeah I wanna know what love is... 
big girls don't cry-Fergie[SEP]The smell of your skin lingers on me now. You're probably on your flight back to your home town. I need some shelter of my own protection, baby, To be with myself and center clarity, peace, serenity.  I hope you know, I hope you know That this has nothing to do with you. It's personal: myself and I. We've got some straightenin' out to do.  And I'm gonna miss you like a child misses their blanket, But I've got to get a move on with my life. It's time to be a big girl now. And big girls don't cry, Don't cry, don't cry, don't cry.  The path that I'm walking I must go alone. I must take the baby steps 'til I'm full-grown, full-grown. Fairytales don't always have a happy ending, do they? And I foresee the dark ahead if I stay?  I hope you know, I hope you know That this has nothing to do with you. It's personal: myself and I. We've got some straightenin' out to do.  And I'm gonna miss you like a child misses their blanket, But I've got to get a move on with my life. It's time to be a big girl now. And big girls don't cry.  Like the little school mate in the school yard We'll play jacks and uno cards. I'll be your best friend and you'll be my Valentine. Yes, you can hold my hand if you want to 'Cause I want to hold yours too. We'll be playmates and lovers and share our secret worlds.  But it's time for me to go home. It's getting late and dark outside. I need to be with myself and center clarity, peace, serenity.  I hope you know, I hope you know That this has nothing to do with you. It's personal: myself and I. We've got some straightenin' out to do.  And I'm gonna miss you like a child misses their blanket, But I've got to get a move on with my life. It's time to be a big girl now. And big girls don't cry, Don't cry, don't cry, don't cry. 
how can you mend a broken heart-Bee Gees[SEP]I can think of younger days when living for my life Was everything a man could want to do I could never see tomorrow, but I was never told about the sorrow  And how can you mend a broken heart? How can you stop the rain from falling down? How can you stop the sun from shining? What makes the world go round? How can you mend this broken man? How can a loser ever win? Please help me mend my broken heart and let me live again  I can still feel the breeze that rustles through the trees And misty memories of days gone by We could never see tomorrow, no one said a word about the sorrow  And how can you mend a broken heart? How can you stop the rain from falling down? How can you stop the sun from shining? What makes the world go round? And how can you mend this broken man? How can a loser ever win? Please help me mend my broken heart and let me live again  Please help me mend my broken heart and let me live again 
stayin' alive-Bee Gees[SEP]Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk, I'm a woman's man: no time to talk. Music loud and women warm, I've been kicked around since I was born.  And now it's all right. It's OK. And you may look the other way. We can try to understand The New York Times' effect on man.  Whether you're a brother Or whether you're a mother, You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Feel the city breakin' And everybody shakin', And we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive.  Well, now, I get low and I get high, And if I can't get either, I really try. Got the wings of heaven on my shoes. I'm a dancin' man and I just can't lose.  You know it's all right. It's OK. I'll live to see another day. We can try to understand The New York Times' effect on man.  Whether you're a brother Or whether you're a mother, You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Feel the city breakin' And everybody shakin', And we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive.  Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me. Somebody help me, yeah. Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me, yeah. Stayin' alive.  Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk, I'm a woman's man: no time to talk. Music loud and women warm, I've been kicked around since I was born.  And now it's all right. It's OK. And you may look the other way. We can try to understand The New York Times' effect on man.  Whether you're a brother Or whether you're a mother, You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Feel the city breakin' And everybody shakin', And we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive.  Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me. Somebody help me, yeah. Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me, yeah. I'm stayin' alive.  Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me. Somebody help me, yeah. Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me, yeah. I'm stayin' alive.  Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me. Somebody help me, yeah. Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me, yeah. I'm stayin' alive.  Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me. Somebody help me, yeah. Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me, yeah. I'm stayin' alive. 
night fever-Bee Gees[SEP]Listen to the ground: There is movement all around. There is something goin' down And I can feel it.  On the waves of the air, There is dancin' out there. If it's somethin' we can share, We can steal it.  And that sweet city woman, She moves through the light, Controlling my mind and my soul. When you reach out for me Yeah, and the feelin' is right,  Then I get night fever, night fever. We know how to do it. Gimme that night fever, night fever. We know how to show it.  Here I am, Prayin' for this moment to last, Livin' on the music so fine, Borne on the wind, Makin' it mine.  Night fever, night fever. We know how to do it. Gimme that night fever, night fever. We know how to show it.  In the heat of our love, Don't need no help for us to make it. Gimme just enough to take us to the mornin'. I got fire in my mind. I get higher in my walkin'. And I'm glowin' in the dark; I give you warnin'.  And that sweet city woman, She moves through the light, Controlling my mind and my soul. When you reach out for me Yeah, and the feelin' is right,  Then I get night fever, night fever. We know how to do it. Gimme that night fever, night fever. We know how to show it.  Here I am, Prayin' for this moment to last, Livin' on the music so fine, Borne on the wind, Makin' it mine.  Night fever, night fever. We know how to do it (Feels like forever baby, don't you know) Gimme that night fever, night fever. We know how to show it (I'll leave you never baby, don't you know)  Night fever, night fever. We know how to do it (Feels like forever baby, don't you know) Gimme that night fever, night fever. We know how to show it (I'll leave you never baby, don't you know)  Night fever, night fever. We know how to do it (Feels like forever baby, don't you know) 
how deep is your love-Bee Gees[SEP]I know your eyes in the morning sun I feel you touch me in the pouring rain And the moment that you wander far from me I wanna feel you in my arms again  And you come to me on a summer breeze Keep me warm in your love then you softly leave And it's me you need to show How deep is your love  How deep is your love, How deep is your love I really mean to learn 'Cause we're living in a world of fools Breaking us down When they all should let us be We belong to you and me  I believe in you You know the door to my very soul You're the light in my deepest darkest hour You're my saviour when I fall And you may not think I care for you When you know down inside That I really do And it's me you need to show How deep is your love  How deep is your love, How deep is your love I really mean to learn 'Cause we're living in a world of fools Breaking us down When they all should let us be We belong to you and me  And you come to me on a summer breeze Keep me warm in your love then you softly leave And it's me you need to show How deep is your love  How deep is your love, How deep is your love I really mean to learn 'Cause we're living in a world of fools Breaking us down When they all should let us be We belong to you and me [Repeat fading out] 
no scrubs-TLC[SEP]A scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly And is also known as a buster Always talkin' about what he wants And just sits on his broke ass So, no  I don't want your number, no. I don't want to give you mine and, no, I don't want to meet you nowhere, no. I don't want none of your time and, no,  [Chorus:] I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying to holler at me  But a scrub is checkin' me But his game is kinda weak And I know that he cannot approach me 'Cause I'm lookin' like class and he's lookin' like trash Can't get with a dead-beat ass So, no  I don't want your number, no. I don't want to give you mine and, no, I don't want to meet you nowhere, no. I don't want none of your time, no.  [Chorus]  If you don't have a car and you're walking Oh yes, son, I'm talking to you If you live at home with your mamma Oh yes, son, I'm talking to you, baby If you have a shorty but you don't show love Oh yes, son, I'm talking to you Wanna get with me with no money Oh no, I don't want, no, oh  No scrub No scrub, no, no No scrub, no, no, no, no, no No scrub, no, no No  [Music video's spoken part:] See, if you can't spatially expand my horizons Then that leaves you in a class with scrubs, never rising I don't find it surprising if you don't have the Gs To please me and bounce from here to the coast of overseas So, let me give you something to think about Inundate your mind with intentions to turn you out Can't forget the focus on the picture in front of me You as clear as DVD on digital TV screens Satisfy my appetite with something spectacular Check your vernacular, and then I get back to ya With diamond-like precision Insatiable is what I envision Can't detect acquisition From your friend's expedition Mr. Big Willy, if you really wanna know Ask Chilli, could I be a silly ho? Not really T-Boz and all my señoritas Are steppin' on your FILAs But you don't hear me, though  [Chorus 4x] 
creep-TLC[SEP]Yes it's me again And I'm back  Creep Oh I oh I oh I yeah Creep Oh I oh I oh I yeah Creep Oh I oh I oh I baby Creep Oh I oh I oh I yeah Creep  The 22nd of loneliness And we've been through so many things I love my man with all honesty But I know he's cheatin' on me  I look him in his eyes But all he tells me is lies To keep me near I'll never leave him down Though I might mess around It's only 'cause I need some affection  So I creep yeah I just keep it on the down low Said nobody is supposed to know So I creep yeah 'Cause he doesn't know what I do And no attention goes to show So I creep  The 23rd of loneliness And we don't talk like we used to do Now it seems pretty strange But I'm not buggin' 'cause I still feel the same  I'll keep giving loving 'Til the day he pushes me away Never go astray If he knew the things I did He couldn't handle it And I choose to keep him protected  So I creep yeah I just keep it on the down low Said nobody is supposed to know So I creep yeah 'Cause he doesn't know what I do And no attention goes to show So I creep  I think about us baby all the time But you know that I'm gonna need some attention Yeah, yeah can you dig it Love you forever baby soul and mind And you gotta know if you don't give it I'mma get mine  Oh I oh I oh I So I creep Oh I oh I oh I yeah So I creep Oh I oh I oh I baby Oh I oh I oh I yeah  I creep around because I need attention Don't mess around with my affection  I creep around because I need attention Don't mess around with my affection  So I creep yeah Just keep it on the down low So I creep yeah 'Cause he doesn't know what I do  So I creep yeah Just keep it on the down low Said nobody is supposed to know So I creep yeah 'Cause he doesn't know what I do And no attention goes to show 
baby-baby-baby-TLC[SEP]And you want my love Well that's alright Well it will be there for you morning, noon and night But you gotta be good And do it right Ain't got no time for part-time lovin' in my life  Well you wanna be loved (uh) Hey that's O.K. Cause it falls in line right with my sexuality But you gotta be down A nickel gotta be true Cause otherwise this "B" ain't got no time for you  [Chorus:] Oh baby, baby, baby I got so much love in me Ooh (baby, baby,) baby, baby, baby Cause if your're gonna get me off You got to love me deep  Well you want my heart (uh) And all my time Well it won't be there if you can't deal with my mind Cause a girl like me (uh) Won't stand for less I require plenty conversation with my sex  Long as you know that I could have any man I want to Baby that's actual and factual But still I choose you to be with me And work on me so you better not flake it up  Ohhhhhh  [Chorus]  Baby, baby, baby Ain't got no time for the part-time lovin' I got so much love in me I gotta be loved And that's O.K.  Baby, baby, baby Cause if you're gonna get me off You got to love me deep (Get me off)  Baby Long as you know that I could have any man I want to Baby that's actual and factual But still I choose you to be with me And work on me so you better not flake it up  Well you want my heart And all my time Well it won't be there if you can't deal with my mind Cause a girl like me I won't stand for less I require plenty conversation with my sex  [Chorus]  I can have any man that I want to Time and place that I choose to But I think you know that I'd rather be here with you  Yeah That's actual and factual You're the one I seem to run back to Just to get me off You got to love me, got to love me, got to love me  [Chorus]  Baby, baby, baby I want to Time and place that I choose to But I think you know that I'd rather be here with you (yeah) That's actual and facutal You're the one I seem to run back to 
i hate you-Slayer[SEP][Eric "Joie" Mastrokolas / Brett Dodwell / Roy Hansen]  You were just a waste of sperm They way you look Makes my stomach turn The way you think Is no way at all  God you really think you have balls  I hate you Ain't it true I hate you And everything you do  You walk around like a fucking dick And everytime you're near You know I get real sick  You're so stupid There's nothing in your head God how I wish that you were dead  I hate you Ain't it true I hate you And everything you do  [Repeat intro.] 
stain of mind-Slayer[SEP][Music: Hanneman, Lyrics: King]  Imagine Humanity's decline Step inside my stain of mind Infesting superiority Infectious immorality oh yea Come worship the place no truths are told Praise the land where sins are sold No passion no love your faith evades Never see yourself again that way Death becomes your bride Lifelessness invades your eyes In fire baptized All pain sifts through myu soul You'll never feel greater misery Master of my enemy Let the purest stain of mind Wash the virtue from your eyes As one the collective unifies Emanate a faithless shine Forever creation has conceived Birth of destruction spreads its wings oh yea Chaotic rebirth a new domain Re-live the sight the sound the pain Erotic the taste of agony Adorn the scars of inhumanity This is what you see Deep inside of me Agony is life Lechery is life Godlessness is life Purgatory magnified In fire baptized All pain sifts through my soul You'll never feel greater misery Master of my enemy Let the purest stain of mind Wash the virtue from your eyes Enticing malevolence allures Bastardize the clean and pure Salvation forever crucified I choose the other side oh yea Entire, complete serenity Injected intravenously Transgression euphoric bliss divine Initiate a timeless stain of mind Blood will sterilize In fire I baptized All pain sifts through my soul You'll never feel greater misery Master of my enemy Let the purest stain of mind Wash the virtue from your eyes 
altar of sacrifice-Slayer[SEP]Waiting the hour destined to die Here on the table of hell A figure in white unknown by man Approaching the altar of death High priest awaiting dagger in hand Spilling the pure virgin blood Satan's slaughter, ceremonial death Answer his every command  Death will come easy just close your eyes - Dream of the friends you'll see Heavenly failure losing again Move on to a new form of life  Altar of sacrifice, curse of the damned Confronting the evil you dread Coalesce into one your shadow and soul Soon you will meet the undead  (Altar of sacrifice, curse of the damned Confronting the evil you dread Coalesce into one your shadow and soul Soon you will meet the undead)  Enter to the realm of Satan!  Blood turning black, the change has begun Feeling the hatred of all damned in Hell Flesh starts to burn, twist and deform Eyes dripping blood realization of death Transforming of five toes to two Learn the sacred words of praise, hail Satan  A gift of powers disposed upon you Use them when you feel the need Master the forces and powers of Satan Controlling the creature's instinct Drawn to the castles that float in the sky Learn to resist the temptation Watching the angels sift through the heavens Endlessly searching for salvation 
gemini-Slayer[SEP][(Music: King, Lyrics: Araya) (C)1996 Molosser Music / SS810 Music ASCAP]  Endure the pain You know my name I am your soul insane  I am no one No one who cares I am your soul despair  Your fear deceives Vulnerability Leaving an easy prey  Consume your mind A power so divine Will take you and rape you blind  Gemini master of demise Your death is my salvation To a kingdom mine My lord is my light The master of darkness Your death is my salvation To a kingdom mine  You look at me with eyes of fate And see the graphic truth  Your ignorance cannot shield you From your naked abuse Numbling of your moral sense Facing reality That life is unconditional And death is only the beginning  The pain will never end...  Walking slow, breathing heavy You could see death sweat How it shined An argument out of control in my mind  I am here for the sole purpose of your death Walking slow breathing heavy You can see death sweat.  I am here for the sole purpose of your death Look into my eyes and see the revelation of your demise Feel the pain that stares at the center of your heart Reflections of my soul Reflections of the dark 
jesus saves-Slayer[SEP]You go to the church, you kiss the cross You will be saved at any cost You have your own reality Christianity You spend your life just kissing ass A trait that's grown as time has passed You think the world will end today You praise the Lord, it's all you say  Jesus saves, listen to you pray You think you'll see the pearly gates When death takes you away  For all respect you cannot lust In an invisible man you place your trust Indirect dependency Eternal attempt at amnesty He will decide who lives and dies Depopulate Satanas rise You will be an accessory Irreverence and blasphemy  Jesus saves, no need to pray The gates of pearl have turned to gold It seems you've lost your way  Jesus saves, no words of praise No promised land to take you to There is no other way 
vices-Slayer[SEP]Stop and think of society's impotence And the reason behind its incompetence Faith in God is the vice, bring on the tyranny Won't be long 'til you find the real irony  Life drags on and we watch it bleed On controversy and madness we feed It's a rush you can't deny A little violence is the ultimate drug Let's get high  Politician that claims to be the innocent Sells you peace then defies you with his insolence Greed and power his vices give him what he seeks Manipulate and divide forever lead the weak  Life drags on and we watch it bleed On controversy and madness we feed It's a rush you can't deny A little violence is the ultimate drug Let's get high  You've been powerless to your vices Self-control defies you When nothing else quite suffices Your demons will destroy you  Holy man portrays the face of purity Hiding behind as shroud of vanity Pure lust is his vice a sickness to defile God becomes a device to hide the pedophile  Life drags on and we watch it bleed On controversy and madness we feed It's a rush you can't deny A little violence is the ultimate drug Let's get high  So fuckin' high LET'S GET HIGH! 
in the name of god-Slayer[SEP][Music & Lyrics: King]  I want to Invite you Welcome you To my hate To my scorn To myself Saturate you Infest you Betray you Stimulate you So eager for my lies  For my lies... Lies  Lies in the name of God  [Lead: King]  I take you I play you Invade you Lacerate you I scar your Innocence Masticate you Ingest you Become you Defenseless I fill your emptiness  With my lies... Lies  Lies in the name of God In this world of shit I exist Perfect world conforms I resist Disconnect the nerves from the spine Desecrate the walls of the mind Through these eyes no love is alive Through these eyes unrest never dies Through these lies compassion is lost Through these lies await the Ungod Antichrist is the name of God Antichrist is the name of God Antichrist is the name of God Antichrist is the name of God  [Lead: King] 
hardening of the arteries-Slayer[SEP][Lyrics Hanneman; Music Hanneman]  Fear runs wild in the veins of the world The hate turns the skies jet black Death is assured in future plans Why live if there's nothing there  Spectors of doom await the moment The mallet is sure and precise Cover the crypts of all mankind With cloven hoove begone  [Chorus] Sadistic minds Delay the death Of twisted life Malicious world  The crippled youth try in dismay To sabotage the carcass Earth All new life must perish below Existence now is futile  Decrepit breath, vile in its stench A world in decay Transgressor is as one  [Chorus]  [Lead - King, Hanneman]  Convulsions take the world in hand Paralysis destroys Nobody's out there to save us Brutal seizure now we die 
addict(bonus track)-Slayer[SEP][music: Hanneman, lyrics: King]  I won't cover you eyes I want your innocence Glisten before me in a cold sweat I wan't you to see your lie spill on me Spill on me Manifested as a primitive craving The craving never seems to go away I want to see the face of everyone fall Fall into the cold embrace of death You're in my nightmare I decide when it stops It's my fucking drug Makes my rush intensify Hardcore the overdose Your fear gets me high Unbound I'm the weapon made to sterilize Sterilize all the idiot victims Anytime, anywhere, anyone I want Everyone's addicted to this torture I'm the agony in every breath Every breath brings you closer to me You'll do anything, anything You'll do anything to make it stop You're in my nightmare I decide when it stops It's my fucking drug Makes my rush intensify Chaos deep inside it makes me It makes me feel surreal It makes me need to kill It makes me feel surreal It makes me need to kill Do you want to feel eternity Your eternity lies within me I am the terror of your final breath Your final breath brings light to my darkness Like an act of fucking God unleashed On the innocence - innocence of mankind You'll do anything - anything You'll do anything to make it stop It's my fucking drug Makes my rush intensify Hardcore the overdose Your fear gets me of like fuck 
war ensemble-Slayer[SEP][Hanneman / Araya]  Propaganda death ensemble Burial to be Corpses rotting through the night In blood-laced misery Scorched earth the policy The reason for the siege The pendulum it shaves the blade Strafing air blood raid  Infiltration push reserves Encircle the front lines Supreme art of strategy Playing on the minds Bombard 'til submission Take all to their graves Indication of triumph The numbers that are dead  Sport the war, war support The sport is war, total war When victory's really massacre The final swing is not a drill It's how many people I can kill  Sport the war, war support The sport is war, total war When victory's really survival The final swing is not a drill It's how many people I can kill  Be dead fiend from above When darkness falls Descend unto my sights Your fallen walls Spearhead break through the lines Flanked all around Soldiers of attrition Forward their ground Regime prophetic age Old in its time Flowing veins run on through Deep in the Rhine Center of the web All battles scored What is our war crimes Era forever more War  Propaganda war ensemble Burial to be Bones shining by the night In blood-laced misery Campaign of elimination Twisted psychology When victory is to survive And death is defeat  Sport the war, war support The sport is war, total war When the end is a slaughter The final swing is not a drill It's how many people I can kill 
seasons in the abyss-Slayer[SEP][Hanneman/Araya]  Razors edge Outlines the dead Incisions in my head Anticipation the stimulation To kill the exhilaration  [CHORUS] Close your eyes Look deep in your soul Step outside yourself And let your mind go Frozen eyes stare deep in your mind as you die  [CHORUS 2] Close your eyes And forget your name Step outside yourself And let your thoughts drain As you go insane... go insane  Innate seed To watch you bleed A demanding physical need Desecrated eviscerated Time perpetuated  [CHORUS]  [CHORUS 2]  Inert flesh A bloody tomb A decorated splatter brightens the room An execution a sadist ritual Mad intervals of mind residuals  [CHORUS]  [CHORUS 2] 
perversions of pain-Slayer[SEP][Music: Hanneman, Lyrics: King]  You better learn my name Cause I'm the one insane And I'm a constant threat You run in fear from my dark silhouette Inside my violent mind Chaos is all you'll find Anarchy uncontained Bear witness to the scorn of my campaign Perversions of pain Seep from my eyes Into your brain Visualize Within my world of hate Disruption I instate Malicious entity Defile and desecrate humanity Alone they all will die Corroding from inside With no one left to save them As I'm dancing on their fucking graves Perversions of pain Seep from my eyes Into your brain Visualize  [Lead: King]  Take a look into my mind Where pleasure is refined Endless burning holes Of scarred souls Step inside my world of hate Where everything mutates Your senses under siege Ingest the virtues I feed A higher level of pain Is racing through my veins There's nothing more intense Than mental misery that I dispense So follow right along Observe a fresh new dawn Of super sensation My realm of torture stimulation Perversions of pain Seep from my eyes Into your brain Visualize You better learn my name Cause I'm the one insane Inside my violent mind Chaos is all you'll find Within my world of hate Disruption I instate Alone they all will die Corroding from inside Follow right along Observe a fresh new dawn Racing through my veins A higher level of pain Higher level of pain Higher level of pain 
playing with dolls-Slayer[SEP]I never thought the taste of you Would be the only thing to make me bleed Why am I, so alive While you lie still in the ground beneath me?  Fear of death the dark inside Have become your only children They're in front of you, watching you Lost screams unholy dreams unrest  I laugh at your god as he's passing through Slicing at your throat to warm my skin Never thought it'd come to this Fuck I've gone wrong no rest  Your children still call Can't you hear them screaming out your name? You've gone insane, they're in my head They want you to, die in front of me, die in front of me  Thinking why me? Wishing this was all a dream Insanity, reality, you're going to Die in front of me  Pestilence is here, death awaits, your body is not of Christ It's my alter, helpless and alone, violate, enveloped in my skin Faceless canvass, tearing all your flesh, bathed in blood Violently regress, death's so endless, brutal is your pain  Anguish is a game, broken and afraid, god can't help you now You'll wish your in hell, ghostly figures are always standing still Are they mocking me, what do they see? I didn't want your death to end so fast, but once you start, you cannot stop  I need it now, to fucking last, die in front of me Die in front of me, thinking why me? Wishing this was all a dream, insanity, reality You're going to  Die in front of me, pestilence is here, death awaits Your body is not of Christ It's my alter, brutal is your pain, anguish is a game Broken and afraid, god can't help you now  [Lead: Hanneman]  You'll wish your in hell, I never thought the taste of you Would be the only thing to make me bleed, all alone in my Funeral home, playing in blood there's just got to be Something's wrong with me, draining veins, it's all the same  The torture in my head, it won't stop, until I am fucking dead Pestilence is here, death awaits, your body is not of Christ It's my alter, helpless and alone, violate, enveloped in my skin Faceless canvass, tearing all your flesh, bathed in blood  Violently regress, death's so endless, brutal is your pain Anguish is a game, broken and afraid, god can't help you now You'll wish your in hell 
the antichrist-Slayer[SEP][Lyrics - Hanneman; Music - Hanneman, King]  Screams and nightmares Of a life I want Can't see living this lie no A world I haunt You've lost all control of my Heart and soul Satan holds my future Watch it unfold  I am the Antichrist It's what I was meant to be Your God left me behind And set my soul to be free  Watching disciples Of the satanic rule Pentagram of blood Holds the jackal's truth Searching for the answer Christ hasn't come Awaiting the final moment The birth of Satan's son  Screams, From a life I live Torment, Is what I give Torture, Is what I love The down fall, Of the heavens above  I am the Antichrist All love is lost Insanity is what I am Eternally my soul will rot (rot... rot) 
human strain-Slayer[SEP]Illness, infected born mutilated strain Issue transfusion no one left to blame Nature's way of thinning out the human fucking herd  Disease, to war to fear his own kind The human strain, returning plague Drink the tainted blood From the only child  Cities, increase speed population rise Dying, the future process in the genes Death stalking man as he embraces the absurd Through peace, through life, the hatred of himself  The human strain, returning plague Drink the tainted blood From the only child Death stalking man though peace, through life, though hatred of himself  Death stalking man, as he embraces his crucifixion Skinless resurrection, from the bodies of the dead Sickness is increasing, as the oceans turn red  Apparatus for self destruction, day of judgement is now at hand Decayed memories haunt vaccinated minds Risk contamination mechanism of death Anyone left alive scorch turn to ash  Disease, war black death touching man The human strain, returning plague Drink the tainted blood From the only child 
supremist-Slayer[SEP][King]  Crushing all you worthless goals I define control Your pain's my fucking ecstasy So putrid is my world of tyranny  To accentuate your desperation Flesh from bone I'll rip and tear I hate the fact that we breath the same air  Helpless as I dominate I won't celebrate Until you've all been crucified I can not rest till everyone has died  I can't stand the victim in you Infecting everything that I do I will eradicate Obliterate depopulate Divine atrocious suffering Cleansation of the weak Supremacy  Pissing on your faith Incinerate God's whore Perpetual is my reign I will eat your soul  [Lead King]  Must maintain control of the weak  [Lead Hanneman]  Must maintain control of the weak Must contain the minds of the free 
face the slayer-Slayer[SEP][Lyrics - King; Music - Hanneman, King]  A misty night, a perfect night Beneath the cold of the frozen star You feel the fright, you know I'm near You never should have come this far I am alive, you can't kill me I will survive eternity  Go through the fire walk past the dead Lost in my eternal maze Your heart pounds through the mist filled air Your concentration breaks for me to strike You've cowered down, you've broken the chain Now I can freeze your burning eyes  You see me lift the axe, (as) it plunges through your shield You now begin to panic as you see your chances grow slim Your running through the endless maze (You) Turn and I'll be there A force too strong for you to fight Your end I'll see tonight ("I'll see your end tonight")  You think you can destroy (me)? You'd better think again I am eternal terror my quest will never end I'll trap you in the pentagram And seal your battered tomb Your life is just another game For Satan's night of doom 
consfearacy-Slayer[SEP][King]  [All Leads: King]  I need to redefine All the things I hate today Politics that fail From a president derailed I hate the shit economy It might as well be sodomy I know that in the end I'm expected to pretend  But I can't relate To your verbal idiocy No one's in control When the government's the enemy  So light the fuse Impose your views Consfearacy Is anarchy  Actions of hostility Breeds conformity Annihilation will begin Extermination from within  So light the fuse Impose your views Consfearacy Is anarchy  I need to redefine How I see the world today Seems that all the war Didn't even up the score It's only mind pollution There is no resolution Still I know that in the end I'm expected to pretend That I can Think of myself Blame it all on someone else Half-hearted smile While you look the other way I can't relate To your verbal idiocy No one's in control When the government's the enemy  So light the fuse Impose your views Consfearacy Is anarchy 
ddamm (drunk drivers against mad mothers)-Slayer[SEP][(Hanneman) Pennemunde Music ASCAP]  Swerving through the street Drunk as fuck Searching for a open store I think I'm out of luck Maybe I'll find a mad mother on patrol  Hit her car Smash it up Pull her out Beat her up Take her money Run her down  Can't find any beer It's way past two There's just one thing we can do  Hit her car Smash it up Pull her out Beat her up Take her money Run her down Drive her face out of town  Drunk drivers against mad mothers 
darkness of christ-Slayer[SEP]Mankind in his insatiable search for divine Knowledge has discarded all biblical teachings  Realizing that the strength of religion is the repression of knowledge All structures of religion have collapsed  Life prays for death in the wake of the horror of these revelations  It was never imagined how graphic the reality that would be known as the end of creation Would manifest itself  We believe all this chaos and atrocity can be traced Back to one single event  We hold these truths to be painfully self-evident All men are not created equal Only the strong will prosper Only the strong will conquer Only in the darkness of Christ have I realized God Hates Us All 
overdrive-Foo Fighters[SEP]Coming down I'm coming round this time I think I'm waking up Give me loud to drown it out before the world starts breaking up You change and then you change again Turning like a wheel inside your head  Yours and mine and left and right there's still two sides to everyone You and I get on with life and pray we'll find a better one You change and then you change again Turning like a wheel inside your head  Overdrive we're going life or death Overdrive we're going life or death Overdrive we're going life or death Two strangers on the mend  Hurry now we're getting out this time there's nothing stopping us Leave behind this vacant town tonight and let it turn to rust You change and then you change again Turning like a wheel inside your head  Overdrive we're going life or death Overdrive we're going life or death Overdrive we're going life or death Two strangers, no relation, on the mend  You change and then you change again Turning like a wheel inside your head  Coming down I'm coming round this time I think I'm waking up Give me loud to drown it out before the world starts breaking up You change and then you change again Turning like a wheel inside your head  Overdrive we're going life or death Overdrive we're going life or death Overdrive we're going life or death Two strangers on the mend  Overdrive we're going life or death (overdrive we're going life or death) Overdrive we're going life or death (overdrive we're going life or death) Overdrive we're going life or death Two strangers, no relation Two strangers, no relation, on the mend 
miss the misery-Foo Fighters[SEP]Oh, Oh If I had my way If I had to lose Wouldn't take back one thing Never had much to choose  Then it dawned on me Coming down on you Like a cold sky raining under a burning moon  Been waiting all your life, your wish is coming true Bless your heart for beating, me right out of you  Miss the misery Need a reason for a change Need a reason to explain So turn it on again  Don't change your mind You're wasting light Get in and let's go, go  What a nice long leash What a nice tight noose Never worked for me, but Sure would look good on you  Waiting all your life, your wish is coming true Bless your heart for beating, me right out of you  Miss the misery Need a reason for a change Need a reason to refrain So turn it on again  Don't change your mind You're wasting light Get in and let's go, go!  Miss the misery Gimme reason for a change Miss the misery Gimme reason to refrain  Miss your misery today! Miss your misery today! Come on and turn it on for me!  Don't change your mind You're wasting light Don't make this right Don't make this right Get in and let's go Go, oh, oh, oh 
halo-Foo Fighters[SEP]Good and bad I swear I've had them both, they're overrated But is it fun When you get hold of one Some gone bad And some gone back Good ones all get taken I'm callin' your bluff You ain't strong enough  Wait and pray you'll pick on me the day I raise my hand Guess that I've been blessed but I'll be damned  Halo God only knows Right behind me everywhere I go  Halo God only knows Right behind me everywhere I go  Say your prayers when you get scared Pray you're gonna make it And then when you're done You keep fucking up  One day soon I'll disappear And if you'll come I'll take you somewhere to go To keep from growing old  Wait and pray you'll pick on me the day I raise my hand Guess that I've been blessed but I'll be damned  Halo God only knows Right behind me everywhere I go  Halo God only knows Right behind me everywhere I go  Oh, oh, oh  Disappear, the light is fading Disappear, outside their rage Disappear, I'm tired of waiting Disappear before we get away...  Halo God only knows Right behind me everywhere I go  Halo God only knows Right behind me everywhere I go  Oh, oh, oh 
the pretender-Foo Fighters[SEP]Keep you in the dark You know they all pretend Keep you in the dark And so it all began  Send in your skeletons Sing as their bones go marching in... again They need you buried deep The secrets that you keep are at the ready Are you ready? I'm finished making sense Done pleading ignorance That whole defense  Spinning infinity, boy The wheel is spinning me It's never-ending, never-ending Same old story  [Chorus 2x:] What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just another one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say I will never surrender?  In time or so I'm told I'm just another soul for sale... oh, well The page is out of print We are not permanent We're temporary, temporary Same old story  [Chorus 2x]  I'm the voice inside your head You refuse to hear I'm the face that you have to face Mirrored in your stare I'm what's left, I'm what's right I'm the enemy I'm the hand that will take you down Bring you to your knees  So who are you? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you?  Keep you in the dark You know they all pretend  [Chorus 2x]  [2x] What if I say I'm not like the others? Keep you in the dark What if I say I'm not just another one of your plays? You know they all... pretend You're the pretender What if I say I will never surrender?  So who are you? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you? 
danny says(special limited edition bonus track)-Foo Fighters[SEP]Danny says we gotta go. Gotta go to Idaho But we can't go surfin' 'cause it's 20 below. Sound check's at 5:02. Record stores and interviews. Oh, but I can't wait to be with you tomorrow.  Baby Oho-ho-ho, we got nowhere to go and it may sound Funny, But's true. Hangin' out in 100 B Watching Get Smart on TV Thinkin' about You and me And you and me.  Hangin' out in L.A. And there's nowhere to go. It ain't Christmas if there ain't no snow. Listening to Sheena on the radio. Oh-ho oh-ho. 
my poor brain-Foo Fighters[SEP]Real life is so hard We hide in the stars That's where our heads are My head and your heart  This is a blackout Don't let it go to waste This is a blackout I wanna detonate  When you are so far I'm falling apart Lose all my sonar You jam my radar  This is a black out Don't let it go to waste This is a black out I want to detonate  Sometimes I feel I'm getting stuck Between the handshake and the fuck  You've got me on guard I've got my head start My head and your heart The same in the stars  This is a black out Don't let it go to waste This is a black out I want to detonate  Sometimes I wish that I could change I can't save you from my poor brain, brain, brain, brain OK 
x-static-Foo Fighters[SEP]leading everything along never far from being wrong nevermind these things at all it's nothing  couldn't find a way to you seems that's all I ever do turning up black and blue rewarded  all the static we all left wait until the time has come figure that's where time comes from leaving all my senses numb is heaven  lifted up the fay to seen anything could never be anything but play to me in order  take it back for them to keep fallen into something deep not that I had made that leap annointed  where have all the wishes gone now that all of that is done wish I would've won for once 
a matter of time-Foo Fighters[SEP]Let’s change the subject to someone else You know lately I've been subject to change Normally I reel in the strange Hang over I’m older  You’re one to talk the heart is a clock Just like a bomb that keeps on ticking away Counting down to detonate You will need an army Disarming me  It doesn’t matter much to me if it doesn’t matter much to you, ooh It doesn’t matter much to me if it doesn’t matter much to you  It’s just a matter of time, before, before It’s just a matter of time, before, before And though I hate to rewind, before, before It’s just a matter of time  My past is getting us nowhere fast I was never one for taking things slow Nowhere seems like somewhere to go Come over and over  Doing my time for line after line When will I learn to sing these crimes to myself? Prisoners to share a cell with I’m holding, still holding Holding it well  It doesn’t matter much to me if it doesn’t matter much to you, ooh It doesn’t matter much to me if it doesn’t matter much to you  It’s just a matter of time, before, before It’s just a matter of time, before, before And though I hate to remind, before, before It’s just a matter of time  (where the hell were you, oooh) (where the hell were you, oooh) (where the hell were you)  It’s just a matter of time, before, before It’s just a matter of time, before, before And though I hate to revise, before, before It’s just a matter of time  What does it matter now? What does it matter now?  What does it matter now? What does it matter now? It’s just a matter of time Time… 
sunday rain-Foo Fighters[SEP]You say I take it for granted I say you've taken it all Say you can take it or leave it You got your head in the ceiling When are you gonna come down? When you're that high, can you feel it?  Don't leave me drowning in your Sunday rain It's right down the drain I go Don't leave me drowning in your Sunday rain It's always a shame, oh no  You wanna tell me a secret You think I'm gonna find out You tell the lie, you should keep it Don't wanna know where it's leading Don't want to follow you 'round My first mistake was believing  Don't leave me drowning in your Sunday rain It's right down the drain I go Don't leave me drowning in your Sunday rain It's always a shame, oh no  Are you a little afraid? A little alone? A little exhausted? Do you give it away? Do you let go? Where do you find it?  Don't leave me drowning in your Sunday rain It's right down the drain I go Don't leave me drowning in your Sunday rain It's always a shame, oh no  Don't leave me drowning in your Sunday rain It's right down the drain I go Don't leave me drowning in your Sunday rain It's always a shame, oh no  Are you a little afraid? A little alone? A little exhausted? Do you give it away? Do you let go? How do you find it?  Are you a little afraid? A little alone? A little exhausted? Do you give it away? Do you let go? How do you find it?  Are you a little afraid? A little alone? A little exhausted? Do you give it away? Do you let go? 
iron rooster-Foo Fighters[SEP]Have you ever been dumb enough to do what you wanted to do Without good reason coming over you? Have you ever been young enough to feel what you wanted to feel? Take back those years for something real  I'm an iron rooster Cold and still Irregular sculpture Held against my will  Have you ever been drunk enough to say what you wanted to say Without no words getting in the way? Have you ever been in love enough to be who you wanted to be? I won't mind you if you won't mind me  I'm an iron rooster Cold and still Irregular sculpture Held against my will  Can you believe we're older? I won't believe it's over now Do you remember being children? Do you remember when? Now  I'm an iron rooster Cold and still Irregular sculpture An iron rooster Cold and still Irregular sculpture An iron rooster [x3] Held against my will 
ain't it the life-Foo Fighters[SEP]Dear Haley, Can you save me from the borrowed cloud I'm on All you gotta do is try, Pray you're just getting by Hey wait I thought you'd made it How'd your bottled crown fall off Tell me how'd you get so tired Faded down to the wire Try living a lie and kicking out the same old guise Wasting time, so very ordinary Wait until my bomb goes off See the actors run and hide Fake it all in stride One day we all can say we're gone And haunt the ground we're from Everything's so open wide Here within the divide Ain't it the life, got no crime, just sail on by 
once & for all(japanese bonus track)-Foo Fighters[SEP]Oh misery come usher me in No better place for me to begin I'm coming in from out of this rain The time has come to wash you away  The lovers are at it again The lovers are at it again Oh gather round sing your sins, amen My time has come once and for all My time has come, this means war  Oh bring to me your broken and blue No matter if it matters to you A longing like never before I've had enough now i need more  The lovers are at it again The lovers are at it again Oh gather round sing your sins, amen My time has come once and for all My time has come, this means war My time has come once and for all My time has come this means war  Hey, forgive me debility I'll sing you all my sins  My time has come once and for all My time has come, this means war My time has come once and for all My time has come, this means war  My time has come, this means war My time has come, this means war My time has come, this means war My time has come, this means war  The lovers are at it again The lovers are at it again The lovers are at it again The lovers are at it again 
monkey wrench-Foo Fighters[SEP]What have we done with innocence It disappeared with time It never made much sense Adolescent resident Wasting another night on planning my revenge  One in ten [3x]  Don't wanna be your monkey wrench One more indecent accident I'd rather leave than suffer this I'll never be your monkey wrench  All this time to make amends What do you do when all your enemies are friends Now and then I'll try to bend Under pressure Wind up snapping in the end  One in ten [3x]  Don't wanna be your monkey wrench One more indecent accident I'd rather leave than suffer this I'll never be your monkey wrench  Temper [3x]  One last thing before I quit I never wanted any more than I could fit into my head I still remember every single word you said And all the shit that somehow came along with it Still there's one thing that comforts me Since I was always caged and now I'm free  Don't wanna be your monkey wrench One more indecent accident I'd rather leave than suffer this I'll never be your monkey wrench  [3x] Don't wanna be your monkey wrench (fall in fall out)  Don't wanna be your monkey wrench 
la dee da-Foo Fighters[SEP]Look out 'cause you know what you're doing Turn up the American ruse Whitehouse, Death in June Jim Jones painting in a blue bedroom You don't know this, La Dee Da You don't own this, how bizzarre Keep your pretty promise to yourself  Do you know this, La Dee Da? Got me goin', how bizzarre Keep your pretty promise to yourself Dear god  Hate! If I want to Love! Who I like Hate! If I want to Psychic Television and Death in June Jim Jones painting in a blue bedroom Hate! If I want to  You can't shame me, La Dee Da Give or take me, how bizzarre Keep your pretty promise to yourself Keep your pretty promise to yourself Dear god  Hate! If I want to Love! Who I like Hate! If I want to Psychic Television and Death in June Jim Jones painting in a blue bedroom  Hate! If I want to Hate! If I want to Love! Who I like Hate! If I want to Psychic Television and Death in June Jim Jones painting in a blue bedroom Hate! If I want to Keep your pretty crosses to yourself 
live-in skin-Foo Fighters[SEP]Take your payroll, and your lottery, There's a place I know, There's a robbery, and I swear I'll never tell If you swear you'll never tell, and We'll all make out so well We will all make out so well Head on with my hate, into the lights ahead I'm amazed that I'm still standing And I demand that we all blend in I'm amounted just the same old glitter story From the sea floor, metamorphosis And I can't change back for you I will not change back for you I must live in skin that's new I'm a livid skin that's new Turn your insides out to the outside Turn the outside in to the inside Trade your outside in for the inside Turn it around again, I'm amounted 
outside-Foo Fighters[SEP]There you are dancing at your altar Beautiful earthling, blessed in Kashmir All your sound echoes through the canyons Down below they're dreaming Hear the sirens screaming Another time, another world Girls were boys and boys were girls Finding glitter in the litter Like a haunt, it's got to move Everybody needs some room There's something out there  There's a long straight road, out of the cold And we can leave it all behind I wanna get outside, baby, let's get outside I wanna get outside, outside, of me  All I found, the space between the spaces Standing in the nothing, and time reclaims you And as the wind will beat you down And the wind the only sound There's something out there  There's a long straight road, out of the cold And we can leave it all behind I wanna get outside, baby, let's get outside I wanna get outside, outside, of me  There's a long straight road, out of the cold And we can leave it all behind I wanna get outside, baby, let's get outside I wanna get outside, outside, of me 
the colour and the shape(bonus track)-Foo Fighters[SEP]You're a real short ride, wow right It'll beat you's up anyway, that's right You're a teachers pet, wow right Sit and bleach one anyway, that's why  Color and the shape Color and the shape  No sweat yeah, wow right You're a retard anyway, that's right Stand to beat your ass away, wow right Instead a river boy runs away, that's right  Color and the shape Color and the shape  You're a retard anyway, that's right That is beat your hands away, wow right Sell me river boy run away, that's why 
winnebago(japanese bonus track)-Foo Fighters[SEP]Able bodied, chew the word Cop to plenty, sell the tour Split the moment, seal the sheet Take the hemlock, beg to see  Feed the lawn from the palms of their hands  Never holding, to a pole Winnebago, we were one Hold in wonder, spoke and wheel She divorces, party zeal  Daddy loves little son, no demand  Able bodied, chew the word Cop to plenty, sell the tour Split the moment, seal the sheet Take the hemlock, beg to see  Crawl along, lookin'up 'til you stand 
dirty water-Foo Fighters[SEP]I've been drinking dirty water But I've been here before, after all The witching hour is upon us So you and I can sing haunted songs  In my dreams I'm climbing ladders And then I tumble down, rung by rung And I keep on falling faster The heart is echoing, on and on On and on  I feel an earthquake coming on I feel the metal in my bones 'Cause I'm a natural disaster You're the morning after all my storms  You're my sea of poison flowers Standing in the sun, row by row I've been drinking dirty water The taste of sweet revenge, best served cold All we know  I feel an earthquake coming on I feel the metal in my bones I'm a natural disaster And you're the morning after all my storms  Bleed dirty water Breathe dirty sky Bleed dirty water Breathe dirty sky Bleed dirty water Breathe dirty sky Bleed dirty water Breathe dirty sky Bleed dirty water Breathe dirty sky Bleed dirty water Breathe dirty sky  I feel an earthquake coming on I feel the metal in my bones 'Cause I'm a natural disaster Dirty water in my blood  I feel a moment coming on Heavy metal in my bones 'Cause I'm a natural disaster You're the morning after all my storms 
podunk(japanese bonus track)-Foo Fighters[SEP]Power is as sacred to that they never even teach Only if it's black or white see the challenges Open eyes are broken if you'd just consider me Cut you loose, I feel like I gotta gotta go!  Find an answer help yourself Find an answer help yourself  Whatever kind of phony body chewed it through the night Soda is left to block away the case of broken heart Spit out fast for fun for it's the only way to win Take my breathe come back inside, oh I gotta gotta go!  I got the answer help yourself Find any answer help yourself Help yourself, help yourself, help yourself 
without me-Halsey[SEP]Found you when your heart was broke I filled your cup until it overflowed Took it so far to keep you close (keep you close) I was afraid to leave you on your own  I said I'd catch you if you fall (fall) And if they laugh, then fuck 'em all (all) And then I got you off your knees Put you right back on your feet Just so you could take advantage of me  Tell me, how's it feel sittin' up there? Feeling so high, but too far away to hold me You know I'm the one who put you up there Name in the sky, does it ever get lonely? Thinking you could live without me Thinking you could live without me Baby, I'm the one who put you up there I don't know why (yeah, I don't know why) Thinking you could live without me Live without me Baby, I'm the one who put you up there I don't know why (I don't know why, yeah, yeah)  Gave love 'bout a hundred tries (hundred tries) Just running from the demons in your mind Then I took yours and made 'em mine (mine) I didn't notice 'cause my love was blind  Said I'd catch you if you fall (fall) And if they laugh, then fuck 'em all (all) And then I got you off your knees Put you right back on your feet Just so you could take advantage of me  Tell me, how's it feel sittin' up there? Feeling so high but too far away to hold me You know I'm the one who put you up there Name in the sky, does it ever get lonely? Thinking you could live without me Thinking you could live without me Baby, I'm the one who put you up there I don't know why (yeah, I don't know why) Thinking you could live without me Live without me Baby, I'm the one who put you up there I don't know why, yeah  You don't have to say just what you did (what you did) I already know (I know) I had to go and find out from them (oh-woah) So tell me, how's it feel? (oh-woah)  Tell me, how's it feel sittin' up there? Feeling so high, but too far away to hold me You know I'm the one who put you up there Name in the sky, does it ever get lonely? Thinking you could live without me Thinking you could live without me Baby, I'm the one who put you up there I don't know why (yeah, I don't know why) 
you don't love me no more-Temptations[SEP]A tender love we once shared A joyous love we once cared Now our love is just a shattered dream So far away from me you're driftin'it seem So hard to try hide You don't love me no more You don't love me no more You love more You once said your love for goes beyond compare The esctasy we once felt in our hearts we no longer share And each kiss seem to say farewell my dear There's nothing left of this love is oh so clear So hard to try hide You don't love me no more You don't love me no more You love me no more You just don't love me no more, awww You don't love me no more Owwwww baby I can tell that someone else has taken my place Though you keep the truth from showing on your face You think you have me fooled but you don't realize I can see the truth when I look into your eyes I can see it your eye I can see it your eye I can see it your eye You don't love me no more You don't love me no more You don't love me no more, owwww IIIIIIIIIII... I can see it, see it, see it You don't love me no more I, I oh I I can see it, see it, see it You don't love me no more 
try to remember-Temptations[SEP]Try to remember the kind of September When life was slow and oh so mellow Try to remember the kind of September When grass was green and grain so yellow Try to remember the kind of September When you were a young and a callow fellow  Try to remember and if you remember Then follow-follow, oh-oh  Try to remember when life was so tender That no one wept except the willow Try to remember when life was so tender That dreams were kept beside your pillow Try to remember when life was so tender That love was an ember about to billow  Try to remember and if you remember Then follow-follow, oh-oh  [brief instrumental interlude]  Deep in December it's nice to remember Although you know the snow will follow Deep in December it's nice to remember Without a hurt, the heart is hollow Deep in December it's nice to remember The fire of September that made you mellow  Deep in December our hearts should remember Then follow-follow, oh-oh Follow, oh-oh 
touch me again-Temptations[SEP]Touch me, touch me, touch me again Yeah Touch me, touch me, touch me again  I explode with excitement when you're near To be near you I'll go baby, anywhere 'Cause you thrill me like no one else I just love ya, love you to death Love one me, I'll love on you Loving together, nice thing to do  Can you fee it? Feel the love  Touch me, touch me, touch me again Yeah Touch me, touch me, touch me again  Over here, over there everywhere Touch my mind, touch my soul, show me you care 'Cause you thrill me like no one else I just love ya, love you to death Love on me, I'll love on you Loving together, nice thing to do  Touch me, touch me, touch me again Yeah Touch me, touch me, touch me again 
save my love for a rainy day-Temptations[SEP]Running away sure ain't gonna help you  Oh girl why won't you talk to me on the phone Every time I call you disguise your voice And tell me you're not at home And girl this cold shoulder you're giving me I don't understand Could it be that you've already got yourself a man If not Running away sure ain't gonna help you I'm gonna get you girl, I'm gonna get now Running away sure ain't gonna help you I'm gonna get you girl, I'm gonna get  Could it be, could it be That you're afraid of me If so I never recall giving you a reason You know how much I love you I've overexposed myself My heart has so much joy That there is room for no one else Running away sure ain't gonna help you I'm gonna get you girl, I'm gonna get Running away sure ain't gonna help you I'm gonna get you girl, I'm gonna get 
it's summer-Temptations[SEP]Outside my window a robin builds a nest. At last winter's gone away to rest. Once again the leaves has return to the trees. I can just feel that soft summer breeze.  There's magic in the air. Winter disappear, it's summer.  Children will be playing in the park. Days will be longer till the dark Nights will be warm with star filled skies. A perfect setting for a girl and a guy.  There's magic in the air. Green grass every-everywhere. It's summer.  [Instrumental]  Don't you know it's summer time... (Time) (Time) (Time) And the livin' is easy. Oh, so easy. Everybody sing summer time... (Time) (Time) (Time) Now that summer's here there be million things to do. Vacation near or far, whatever pleases you. [Melvin:] Summer is the happiest season of them all. So everybody get together and have yourselves a ball.  There's magic in the air. Green grass every-everywhere. It's summer. Oh  There's magic in the air. Green grass every-everywhere. It's summer. Woo  It's summer time. (Magic in the air, green grass everywhere) Oh, it's summer. Take a look around you. It's summer time. (Magic in the air, green grass everywhere) Oh, it's summer. Hmm It's summer time. 
go for it-Temptations[SEP]Now's the time to make your move You see the light that tunnels through a wall of darkness, it no longer hides the golden chance you've been denied. Go for it. Your dream is out there Go for it. You can share All the things that love has for you You're a child of heavens too And oh oh oh... There's someone you've longed to see in a distant place where you've dreamed to be arms they are waiting so patiently a touch can set you free. And oh oh oh... Go for it. Love it is here Go for it. The way it is clear. All the joys of love that exist to a loving hand of tenderness And oh oh oh... Go for it... Go for it... Go for it. Paradise is waiting for you and me, can't you see. All the signs of love to set you free, eternally. Love will take you where you need to be. Go for it. Love it is here Go for it. The way, it is clear Go for it. There's no need to fear Go for it, a chance is here. Go for it. The way is clear. Go for it. Love is here. 
my girl-Temptations[SEP]I've got sunshine on a cloudy day When it's cold outside I've got the month of May  I guess you'd say What can make me feel this way? My girl (my girl, my girl) Talkin' 'bout my girl (my girl)  I've got so much honey the bees envy me I've got a sweeter song than the birds in the trees  Well, I guess you'd say What can make me feel this way? My girl (my girl, my girl) Talkin' 'bout my girl (my girl)  Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Ooooh  I don't need no money, fortune or fame I've got all the riches, baby, one man can claim  Well, I guess you'd say What can make me feel this way? My girl (my girl, my girl) Talkin' 'bout my girl (my girl)  I've got sunshine on a cloudy day With my girl I've even got the month of May With my girl Talkin' 'bout Talkin' 'bout Talkin' 'bout My girl Ooooh My girl As long as I can talk about my girl... 
ain't no sun since you've been gone-Temptations[SEP]Into my life you bought a glowin love, like a ray of sunshine from up above, ha One day out of the clear blue sky, You darkened my world with the words good-bye. That's the day you left me for a stranger yeah baby baby When you left my life you've gone an you changed ah....baby I'm a tellin' you it Ain't no sun since you been gone....Ooo ooo....  Theres a big black cloud hanging over my head, its a cloud of lonliness and I feel like I'm dead, Ha! Ain't no flowers bloomin' down at the shore Since you chose to love me no more. I guess you know you took my sunshine away from me baby ya did, Girl ya took the light from my world crushed my dreams and I don't mean maybe, yeah  An imma tellin' you there Ain't no sun since you been gone gone gone gone gone  My future, my future was as bright as the sun yes it was I aint got no future now that your gone. ooooo, oooo  Ahh I guess you know you took my sunshine away from me baby, (took away my sunshine) Girl you took the light from my world (took away my sunshine) Crushed my dreams and I don't mean maybe  Aww baby it seems like night in the middle of the day everything around me is faded and grey. Cold are the days Dark creeps the night Never bringing you back into my life And there ain't no sun since you been gone gone gone gone gone  (Ain't no sun since you been gone) its just a dark lonely world without you girl.....[fade] 
take a look around-Temptations[SEP]Feather in your cap if you catch a robber, Dirt in your face if your scheme falls through Pay close attention to my story Youll find every word is true. Junk man standing on the corner Selling death, no concience has he. In the name of God, wont somebody stop him stop him, think about the children Its a matter of life and death, you see. Aint no time to stand back and point your finger, Weve got to face reality. No, no, no, no, no... Dont turn your back on this problem, people, too much depends on you and me. Desprate with no sense of value, just an evil mind lurking through the night. Because of you, the streets aint safe no more for walking, cause youre feeling so up-tight. Take a look around 
don't let him take your love from me-Temptations[SEP]Hmm, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby  You don't have to tell me you've gone to found someone new. 'Cause I can feel his presence, whenever I'm-a kissing you. How can you ask me to try, try and understand Well, just put yourself in my place. Go on, just see if you can.  I'm-a begging you. (Don't, don't you let him) Baby, please. (Don't let him, don't let him take your love from me) I'm begging you, baby. (Don't, don't you let him) Oh no. (Don't let him, don't let him take your love from me)  So what if he whispers how much he loves you in your ear. But pay no mind 'cause I love you much more my dear, huh. My love are like mountains. That's how strong it is for you. If you ever walk away in to his arms Which will surely break my heart in two.  I'm begging you. (Don't, don't you let him) Oh no. (Don't let him, don't let him take your love from me) Baby, baby, I'm begging. (Don't, don't you let him) No, no, no, no. (Don't let him, don't let him take your love from me) Oh, I couldn't stand it, baby.  [Instrumental]  If you leave me for him you would truly be unfair. Now, just ask yourself, whenever you needed me, wasn't I always there Now, I'm begging you, baby, baby, down on my bended knees. Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, please stay here with me.  Baby, please. (Don't, don't you let him) Oh no. (Don't let him, don't let him take your love from me) Baby, baby, please. (Don't, don't you let him) I couldn't stand it. (Don't let him, don't let him take your love from me) I ain't too proud to beg. (Don't, don't you let him) 
everything for christmas-Temptations[SEP]And outside it looks like snow, yeah. Got some logs to make a fire, Caviar and Cordon Bleu. And the stereo is filled with yuletide carols old and new. The stockings are hung with care, Two together, two together, two together. The presents are here, everywhere, The presents are here, everywhere, yeah, And a box of chocolate cherries, And a magnum of Champagne. Hey, girl, hey, girl, Can't think of anything that I didn't do. Hey, honey, hey, honey, Can't think of anything that I didn't do. Hey, baby, hey, baby, Even got the table set up for two, Even got the table set up for two, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Even got the table set up for two, I've got everything for Christmas, I've got everything for Christmas, I've got everything for Christmas, But, baby...  The tree is trimmed up just right, The tree is trimmed up just right, Woo, hoo, ooh, With sparkles and flashing lights, Flashing, flashing, flashing, flashing, Yeah, lights, yeah. I got a turkey, and some chestnuts, Even bought marshmallows, too. Hey, baby, hey, baby, Can you think of anything that I didn't do? Hey, honey, yeah, Can you think of anything that I didn't do? Hey, girl, hey, girl, hey, girl, I even got the table set up for two, Yeah, yeah, I even got the table set up for two. I've got everything for Christmas, I've got everything for Christmas, I've got everything for Christmas, But, baby...  Who am I trying to fool? ..but not you. Mmmmmmm, Everything but you, Everything but you. 
let me count the ways (i love you)-Temptations[SEP]There's so many ways That I want to say I love you Yes (one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine) Let me count the ways That I wanna say I love you  (Number one) To me you're very pretty (Number two) When you talk, you sound so sexy (Number three) You wear such lovely perfume! (Number four) You're as sweet as candy (Number five) And you give so much strength to me (Number six) How complete, baby, you understand me  All the fellas in the world Wish they had a special girl Just like you, mama But that could never ever be 'Cause you know you belong to me I love you, yes  If you Should ever leave me, little girl I know I would just die!  Oh! (I love you) Yes I do (I love you) You know it's true (I love you) Hey hey! (Oh! I love you) Yes I do (I love you) You know it's true (I love you) Hey hey! (I love...!)  You You You (oh you) You I love you!  You You You (oh you) You I love you!  I love you baby  (Number one) To me you're very pretty (Number two) When you talk, you sound so sexy (Number three) You wear such lovely perfume! (Number four) You're as sweet as candy (Number five) And you give so much strength to me (Number six) How complete, baby, you understand me  You You You (oh you) You I love you! [repeat until fade out] 
fan the flame-Temptations[SEP]Once a wiseman said to me. This advice I give you free. A woman is made of fantasy so fan the flame. Always keep her hopes up high. Make her laugh don't make her cry and don't let her love die, so fan the flame.  A woman needs love and affection and little things mean alot (little things mean alot). And when she has an emotional baby. That's why you got to fan the flame to keep it burning hot.  Make her feel she ten feet tall, even though she short and small. so fan the falme. Her love is your reality let her go and you will see just how lonely life can be. So fan the falme.  A woman needs love and praising so give her them each day. Tell her you love her, its added protection. That's why you got to fan the falme to keep it burning hot.  Once a wiseman said to me. This advice I give you free. A woman is made of fantsy so fan the flame. 
girls (they like it)-Temptations[SEP]Woo-hoo!  Girls, they like it When they're number one Girls, they like it Really turns them on  When you show a girl some respect She's gonna give her very best A whole lotta love, a lotta piece of mind When you treat her like a queen You don't need no diamond ring Give her the things that money can't buy  Girls, they like it When they're number one Girls, they like it Really turns them on Girls sure like it When you treat them right So excited Long through the night Girls sure like it  Give a girl [?] For some homegrown tenderness She'll be sitting high on top of the world [?] Is all you need to keep her vow Feeling good for a lover's high  Girls, they like it When they're number one Girls, they like it Really turns them on Girls sure like it When you treat them right So excited Long through the night  And when the sun goes down And the day is through Just hold em in your arms You'll see what your love can do  Girls sure like it Girls sure like it Girls sure like it Girls sure like it  Show 'em that you really care They'll love that you'll always be there  Girls, they like it When they're number one Girls, they like it Really turns them on Girls sure like it When you treat them right So excited Long through the night 
who can i turn to (when nobody needs me)-Temptations[SEP]Who can I turn to When nobody needs me My heart wants to know So I must go Where destiny leads me With no star to guide me And no one beside me  I'll go on my way And after the day The darkness will hide me But maybe tomorrow I'll find what I'm after I'll throw off my sorrow Beg, steal or borrow My share of laughter 'Cause with you I could learn to With you on a new day  But who can I turn to If you turn away With you I could learn to With you on a new day But who can I turn to If you turn away 
is there anybody else-Temptations[SEP]Ah keeps slipping away Ah ooh  Keep slipping, your love keeps slipping Keep slipping your love keeps slipping away Keep slipping, your love keeps slipping Keeps slipping away  Yeah mhm Is there anybody else? If it is, don't you keep it to yourself Tell me now, while I still got my pride left I'll walk away and ill leave you to yourself Is there any- (is there any-?) -body else? (-body else?) Don't you keep it to yourself!  I feel a hurt coming on When were together, I feel like I'm alone Won't you tell me if I'm right or if I'm wrong Don't let me live like I just don't belong No, no Is there any- (Is there any-?) Anybody else? (-body else?) Don't you keep it to yourself  When we're sleeping here together Baby you'll always call my name Now you're saying something different And things just ain't the same!  Ba ba da ba da ba ba da Ba ba da ba da ba ba da ba da ba ba da Ba ba da ba da ba ba da ba da ba ba da Ba ba da bow! Ooh wow ooh wow oh!  When I look into your eyes It's plain to see the doorway to your heart is closed for me 'Cause I know eyes don't lie So why can't we just end this mystery? Oh, baby Is there any- (is there any-?) Anybody else? (-body else?) Don't you keep it to yourself  Ba ba da ba da ba ba da Ba ba da ba da ba ba da ba da ba ba da Ba ba da ba da ba ba da ba da ba ba da Ba ba da bow Ooh wow ooh wow oh  Ah keep slipping away Ah keep slipping away 
love on my mind tonight-Temptations[SEP]Disconnect the phone I can't wait to get you alone Put the music on And make the groove real slow Tonight I'm here to stay So put on your naughty negligee Open up the wine And just let it flow  The world can go and fall apart And I won't even hear it start Oh, no  Cause I've got love on my mind tonight There ain't no way to conceal it I've got love on my mind tonight, baby One look at you and I feel it I've got love on my mind tonight On my mind tonight  These are crazy days It's like you're running through an endless maze Coming home to you Just in the nick of time Come and fill your cup All day long  I've been building up Let me melt your body Wooo-oooh, into mine  Forget about the world outside Inside each other we can hide Cause I've got love on my mind tonight There ain't a way to conceal it I've got love on my mind tonight, hey hey One look at you and I feel it I've got love on my mind tonight On my mind tonight  I've got loooove on my mind tonight There ain't no way to conceal it I've got looove on my mind tonight One look at you and I feel it I've got love on my mind tonight On my mind tonight Ahhhhhhh Do, do, doo, dooo  Baby, give it to me, girl You know I want it, girl Girl, girl You know what to do You know what I want and you know what I need Oh, baby 
happy people-Temptations[SEP]Get up Everybody Happy people (I'm feeling good) are we (Well) Happy people are we  Throw away your lifelong pain and follow Yeah, ha I'll take you to a land of peace and a new tomorrow Hey, hey  Brothers, (Well) sisters, come and take my hand. (Take my hand.) I will take you to a better land Sunshine, laughter, love is all you bring Start off a new day and here's the song we'll sing  Happy (Happy) people are we Well, well, well, well Happy (Happy) people (Happy people) are we Hey, hey. Listen, children now  Don't believe in this troubled world We can get higher, higher (Higher) Come along and I'll take you there Hey, dum, dum, dum, now  People, my people, let's party and get down Life is for living, now let's not mess around Dance to the music, (Uh huh) throw your cares away (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Pizza, soda, hold them in your hand (Hey, hey, hey, hey)  Happy (Happy) people are we Everybody happy, happy Happy people are we  Happy Happy You can make the whole party happy Everybody's got to be Happy Everybody wants to be Happy Brothers, sisters got to be happy Happy Mothers, fathers want to be happy Happy Everybody got to be  Happy (Happy) people are we Get on up, get on up. Let me hear you Happy (Happy) people (Yeah) are we (Happy, happy)  Get up, get up I'm in the mood, yeah Everybody Happy Happy Well, well, well, well Happy Dum, dum, dum, dum. Dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum (Happy) Hey, everybody wants to be Happy Get on up, get on up, let's hear it Happy Get on up, get on up, let's hear it Happy Well, well, well, well 
treat her like a lady-Temptations[SEP]Treat her like a lady  Now I'm the kinda guy who don't believe that chivalry is dead, no 'Cause I believe a woman should be treated with the utmost respect Don't be afraid, don't turn and walk away, I wanna get to know ya, well Don't be ashamed, don't say that love's to blame, just come and look me over  (You'll find a heart) You'll find a heart that you've always been lookin' for How could anybody ask for much more, more, more, more  Now I like openin' doors pickin' up her hanky off the floor Treat her like a lady (treat her like lady) Light her cigarette if she smokes, even (help her with her coat), well Treat her like a lady (treat her like lady) In this world of liberation it's so easy to forget That it's so nice to have a man around to lend a helping hand you can bet, bet you can, baby  When I was young, my mama used to say, boy A woman's like a flower, with love on her you shower Ever since that day, her words never went away I always will remember to treat my baby tender  (You'll find a heart) You'll find a heart that you've always been lookin' for How could anybody ask for much more, more, more, more  Now I like openin' doors pickin' up her hanky off the floor Treat her like a lady (treat her like lady) Light her cigarette if she smokes, even (help her with her coat) Treat her like a lady (treat her like lady) Compliment her on her hair, even help her with her chair Treat her like a lady (treat her like lady) She's a bad son-of-a-gun, I'm her lovin' Don Juan Treat her like a lady (treat her like lady)  Every day, ever way Hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey  (You'll find a heart) You'll find a heart that you've always been lookin' for How could anybody ask for much more, more, more, more  Now I like openin' doors pickin' up her hanky off the floor Treat her like a lady (treat her like lady) Light her cigarette if she smokes, even (help her with her coat), help her out Treat her like a lady (treat her like lady) Compliment her on her hair, even help her with her chair Treat her like a lady (treat her like lady) Now boy, you should remember to be a gentleman Treat her like a lady  You better Treat her like (well), treat her like (ho) Treat her like a lady (treat her like a lady) Treat her like, treat her like (hey) Treat her like a lady (treat her like a lady) Treat her like, treat her like (well) Treat her like a lady (treat her like a lady) Treat her like, treat her like (ooh) Treat her like a lady (Oh, my, my, treat her like a lady) 
you've got to earn it-Temptations[SEP](Yeah, yeah, yeah)  To get stones from a rock, you've got to break it (Yeah, yeah, yeah) To get bread from dough, you've got to bake it (Yeah, yeah, yeah)  To get water from a faucet, you've got to turn it And if you want my love, if you want my love You've got to earn it (Earn it, earn it, earn it)  (Yeah, yeah, yeah)  To get fire from a match, you've got to strike it (Strike it, strike it, strike it, strike it) To get the feeling from a kiss, you've got to like it (Like it, like it, like it, like it)  To get ashes from wood, you've got to burn it And if you want my love, if you want my love You've got to earn it(Earn it, earn it, earn it)  You've got to treat me kind, all the time Throw the other guys right out of your mind. (Yeah, yeah)  [Instrumental]  Now listen  To make broken things work, you've got to fix them (Fix them, fix them, fix them, fix them) To make two things one, you've got to mix them (Mix them, mix them, mix them, mix them)  To get butter from milk, you've got to churn it And if you want my love, if you want my love You've got to earn it(Earn it, earn it, earn it)  If you deserve it you can get it I'll be glad to see you with it Just show me that you love me And that you're thinking of me You can get it in a hurry... 
just my imagination (running away with me)-Temptations[SEP]Ooo Each day through my window I watch her as she passes by I say to myself, you're such a lucky guy To have a girl like her is truly a dream come true Out of all the fellas in the world, she belongs to you  But it was just my 'magination, running away with me It was just my 'magination, running away with me  (Soon) Soon we'll be married and raise a family. (Oh, yeah) A cozy little home out in the country with two children, maybe three I tell you, I can visualize it all. This couldn't be a dream, for too real it all seems  But it was just my 'magination, once again Running away with me Tell you it was just my 'magination Running away with me  [Paul:] Every night on my knees I pray  Dear Lord, hear my plea Don't ever let another take her love from me Or I will surely die. Hmm  (Her love is) heavenly When her arms enfold me I hear a tender rhapsody But in reality, she doesn't even know me  Just my 'magination, once again Running away with me Oh, tell you it was just my 'magination Running away with me  I never met her but I can't forget her Just my 'magination Ooo yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Running away with me  Ooo, just my 'magination running away with me She's in my mind and hard to find Just my 'magination 
i can't get next to you-Temptations[SEP]I [Dennis:] Can turn a gray sky blue. [Melvin:] I can make it rain, whenever I wanted to. Oh, I [Eddie:] I can build a castle from a single grain of sand. [Paul:] I can make a ship sail, uh, on dry land.  [Dennis:] But my life is incomplete and I'm so blue. 'Cause I can't get next to you.  I can't get next to you, babe. (Next to you) I can't get next to you. (I just can't get next you) I can't get next to you, babe. I can't get next to you.  I [Dennis:] Can fly like a bird in the sky. [Eddie:] Hey, and I can buy anything that money can buy. Oh, I [Paul:] I can turn a river into a raging fire. [Melvin:] I can live forever if I so desired.  [Eddie:] Unimportant are all the things I can do. 'Cause I can't get next to you.  I can't get next to you, babe. (No matter what I do) I can't get next to you. Uh-ya  [Instrumental]  Ooo-Ooo Ooo-Ooo Chica boom, chica boom Chica boom, boom, boom  [Dennis:] I can turn back the hands of time, you better believe I can. I [Otis:] I can make the seasons change, just by waving my hand. Oh, I [Eddie:] I can change anything from old to new. [Paul:] The things I want to do the most, I'm unable to do.  [Dennis:] Unhappy am I with all the powers I possess. 'Cause girl you're the key to my happiness. [Eddie:] And I  Can't get next to you.  [Dennis:] Girl, you're blowing my mind 'cause I can't get...(Next to you) Can't you see these tears I'm crying? I can't get... (Next to you) Girl, it's you that I need. I gotta get...(Next to you) Can't you see these tears I'm crying? I can't get... (Next to you) I, I, I, I... I can't get...(Next to you) I, I, I, I... I can't get...(Next to you) Girl, you're blowing my mind... 
glass house-Temptations[SEP]If you're living in a glasshouse (Watch out, watch out) Don't throw no stones (Watch out, watch out)  If you're living in a glasshouse (Watch out, watch out) Don't throw no stones  We're all made with 3 plays apiece... We're born alone, and we die alone Why can't we live in-between?  I don't care what goes on in your house when you close your door If you quit lookin' in my bedroom window, I'll quit lookin' in yours  My Girl came home and she caught me with Alice And she threw me out the door, nah, nah, nah  But the real reason that she was so mad Was that she was with Alice before (Say what?!) (See there? People always doin' that)  If you're living in a glasshouse (Yeah, y'all) Don'tcha throw no stones (It's a shame)  If you're living in a glasshouse Don'tcha throw no stones  ...I ain't no fool  Sweet-talkin', Bar-hoppin', Pill-poppin', Wife-swappin' Swapping... Swapping... Swapping  Sweet-talkin', Bar-hoppin', Pill-poppin', Wife-swappin' Swapping... Swapping... Swapping  If you're living in a glasshouse You don't throw no stones If you're living in a glasshouse Don't throw no stones If you're living in a glasshouse Don't throw no stones  Sweet-talkin', Bar-hoppin', Pill-poppin', Wife-swappin' Swapping... Swapping... Swapping  Sweet-talkin', Bar-hoppin', Pill-poppin', Wife-swappin' Swapping... Swapping... Swapping  I said livin', I said livin'  If you're living in a glasshouse... 
despacito (remix)-Luis Fonsi[SEP][Justin Bieber:] Coming over in my direction So thankful for that, it's such a blessin', yeah Turn every situation into Heaven, yeah Oh, you are my sunrise on the darkest day Got me feelin' some kind of way Make me wanna savour every moment slowly, slowly You fit me tailor-made, love, how you put it on Got the only key, know how to turn it on The way you nibble on my ear, The only words I wanna hear Baby, take it slow so we can last long  [Luis Fonsi:] Oh, tú, tú eres el imán y yo soy el metal Me voy acercando y voy armando el plan Sólo con pensarlo se acelera el pulso  [Daddy Yankee:] Oh, yeah ya, ya me está gustando más de lo normal Todos mis sentidos van pidiendo más Esto hay que tomarlo sin ningún apuro  [Justin Bieber:] Despacito Quiero respirar tu cuello despacito Deja que te diga cosas al oído Para que te acuerdes si no estás conmigo Despacito Quiero desnudarte a besos despacito Firmo en las paredes de tu laberinto Y hacer de tu cuerpo todo un manuscrito  [Daddy Yankee:] Sube, sube, sube Sube, sube  [Luis Fonsi (Daddy Yankee):] Quiero ver bailar tu pelo Quiero ser tu ritmo Que le enseñes a mi boca Tus lugares favoritos (Favorito, favorito, baby) Déjame sobrepasar tus zonas de peligro Hasta provocar tus gritos Y que olvides tu apellido  [Daddy Yankee:] Si te pido un beso, ven, dámelo Yo sé que estás pensándolo Llevo tiempo intentándolo Mami, esto es dando y dándolo Sabes que tu corazón conmigo te hace bang-bang Sabes que esa beba está buscando de mi bang-bang Ven, prueba de mi boca para ver cómo te sabe Quiero, quiero, quiero ver cuánto amor a ti te cabe Yo no tengo prisa, yo me quiero dar el viaje Empecemos lento, después salvaje  [Daddy Yankee & Justin Bieber:] Pasito a pasito, suave suavecito Nos vamos pegando, poquito a poquito  [Daddy Yankee:] Cuando tú me besas con esa destreza Veo que eres malicia con delicadeza  [Daddy Yankee & Justin Bieber:] Pasito a pasito, suave suavecito Nos vamos pegando, poquito a poquito  [Daddy Yankee:] Y es que esa belleza es un rompecabezas Pero pa' montarlo aquí tengo la pieza ¡Oye!  [Justin Bieber:] Despacito Quiero respirar tu cuello despacito Deja que te diga cosas al oído Para que te acuerdes si no estás conmigo Despacito Quiero desnudarte a besos despacito Firmo en las paredes de tu laberinto Y hacer de tu cuerpo todo un manuscrito  [Daddy Yankee:] Sube, sube, sube Sube, sube  [Luis Fonsi (Daddy Yankee):] Quiero ver bailar tu pelo Quiero ser tu ritmo Que le enseñes a mi boca Tus lugares favoritos (Favorito, favorito, baby) Déjame sobrepasar tus zonas de peligro Hasta provocar tus gritos Y que olvides tu apellido  [Luis Fonsi:] Despacito This is how we do it down in Puerto Rico I just wanna hear you screaming, "¡Ay, Bendito!" I can move forever cuando esté contigo ¡Báilalo!  [Daddy Yankee, Luis Fonsi & Justin Bieber:] Pasito a pasito, suave suavecito Nos vamos pegando, poquito a poquito  [Luis Fonsi (Daddy Yankee):] Que le enseñes a mi boca Tus lugares favoritos (Favorito, favorito, baby)  [Daddy Yankee, Luis Fonsi & Justin Bieber:] Pasito a pasito, suave suavecito Nos vamos pegando, poquito a poquito  [Luis Fonsi:] Hasta provocar tus gritos (Fonsi)  [Daddy Yankee:] Y que olvides tu apellido (D.Y.)  [Justin Bieber:] Despacito 
nothing can change this love-Supremes[SEP]If I go a million miles away I write a letter each and every day 'Cause honey, nothin', Nothin' can ever change this love I have for you  Ooh, make me weep, You can make me cry See me comin' And you can pass me by I know that nothin', nothin' can ever change this love I have for you  Oh, you're the apple of my eye You're cherrie pie Oh you're cake and ice cream You're sugar and spice And everything nice You're the boy of my, my, my dreams  If you wanted to leave me And roam When you get back I'd just say Welcome home, I know that nothin', Nothin' can ever change the love I have for you  I know that nothin', Nothin' can ever change the love I have for you 
twinkle twinkle little me-Supremes[SEP]Twinkle Twinkle Little Me I Have A LOVELY LIGHT I'm The Star Upon Your Tree That makes your christmas bright Twinkle Twinkle Little me I left the milky way Just so I could COME AND be with you on Christmas day  ANGELS brought me where you are and heaven gave me LIGHT I'm that friendly little star you wish upon each night  Twinkle Twinkle Oh, Twinkle twinkle little me I have a present too If you give unshelfishly and make a wish come true I'll always shine on you  Twinkle TWINKLE little me Twinkle twinkle little me Ooh, Christmas brought me where you are and heaven gave me LIGHT I'm that friendly star you wish upon each night  Twinkle twinkle little me I have a present too If you give unshelfishly and make a wish come true I'll always shine for you  Twinkle Little me I'll always shine for you Twinkle little me  [FADE]  I'll always shine for you 
funny how time slips away-Supremes[SEP]Well, hello there My, it's been a long, long time How am I doing ? Oh, I guess that I'm doing fine It's been so long now But it seems like only yesterday  Gee, ain't it funny How time slips away  How's your new love ? I hope that she's doing fine I heard you told her That you'd love her 'till the end of time Now that's the same thing You told me Seems like the other day  Gee, ain't it funny How time slips away  Well it's been nice seeing you Gotta go now Guess I'll see you around Don't know when tho' Never know when I'll be back in town But remember What I tell you In time you're gonna pay  Gee, ain't it funny How time slips away 
a change is gonna come-Supremes[SEP]I was born by the river In a little tent And just like the river I've been running ever since  It's been a long, long time coming But I know a change gonna come Oh, yes it is  It's been too hard living But I'm afraid to die I don't know what's up there beyond the sky  It's been a long, long time coming But I know a change gonna come Oh yes it will  Then I go to my brother I say brother help me please But he winds up knocking me Back down on my knees  There's been times that I thought I wouldn't last for long But now I think I'm able to carry on It's been a long, long time coming But I know a change is gonna come Oh, yes it will 
the only time i'm happy-Supremes[SEP]I just wanna be happy To love and be loved by you  But the only time I'm happy Is when I dream of you each night Cause that's the only time You hold me tight in my dreams Is the only time your love is mine.  Each time you're near Something happens to my heart You make you feel so unwanted dear And it pains my poor heart If I could feel your sweet caress Then I'd know true happiness.  But the only time I'm happy Is when I dream of you each night Cause that's the only time You hold me tight in my dreams Is the only time your love is mine.  To me you'll never have Nothing kind or sweet to say Than my whole day To seem too sadly waste away But when the day ends All my happiness begins.  But the only time I'm happy Is when I dream of you each night Cause that's the only time You hold me tightly in my dreams Is the only time your love is mine.  Life pasts each day Leaving loneliness in my heart You make you feel so unneeded And it hurts my poor heart But there's nothing I'd rather do Than to be happy loving you.  But the only time I'm happy Is when I dream of you each night Cause that's the only time You hold me tightly in my dreams Is the only time your love is mine. 
joy to the world-Supremes[SEP]Joy to the world The lord is come Let earth receive her king Let every heart prepare Him room And heaven and nature sing And heaven and nature sing And heaven and heaven and nature sing  Joy to the world The savior reigns Let men their songs employ While fields and floods Rocks, hills and plains Repeat the sounding joy Repeat the sounding joy Repeat, repeat the sounding joy  He rules the world with truth and grace And makes the nations prove The glories of his righteousness The wonders of his love And wonders of his love And wonders, and wonders And wonders of his love And wonders of his love And wonders of his love And wonders, and wonders Of his love 
you bring back memories-Supremes[SEP]I thought that I had forgotten you That you were just something of my yesterdays But now that I see you standing here All that I can say  Is let me tell you that You bring back memories Of all the days gone by Apologies all of the times you lied I recall when I used to be your girl You used to be my guy I thought that I had forgotten all these days Think about these days  But let me tell you You don't know how many memories That you bring Bringing back memories  Just a look at you You don't know what you make me want to do I want to take you in my arms and then kiss you once again And then I'd like to ask you Where have you been I never thought that I would think about These things  But let me tell you You don't know how many memories That you bring Bringing back memories  Let me tell you Let me tell you Let me tell you I thought that I had forgotten of things About how you looked at me Just a look at you brings back the memories  You bring back memories About the love we knew D'ya think I was still in love with you But that ain't true I love you just like I used to do I thought that I had forgotten all of these things  But let me tell you You don't know how many memories That you bring Bringing back memories Sweet, sweet, sweet memories Memories Sweet, sweet, sweet memories Bringing back memories 
your heart belongs to me-Supremes[SEP]Lover of mine Gone to a faraway land Serving your country On some faraway sand But you should get no name Remember that your heart belongs to me  I'm sending you a picture To carry with you all the time So when you're feeling lonely It's something to remind you I'm thinking of you constantly Remember that your hearts belongs to me Your heart belongs to me  If a pretty girl should pass you by I won't mind If you give her the eye Or even if you give her a smile sometimes But keep your heart Because your heart is mine Your heart is mine Your heart is mine  Lover of mine If I could tell you how I yearn For the day to come When you will return From far across the sea So remember that your heart belongs to me Remember your heart belongs to me Far across the sea 
your kiss of fire-Supremes[SEP]When you first gave it to me Your sweet kiss of fire The burning flame of love Started mounting higher Till it consumed my heart and soul And like King Midas loved his gold I wanted you alone to hold And your kiss of fire Your sweet kiss of fire Your sweet kiss of fire  And then you took it away Your sweet kiss of fire Taking the thrill out of love Killing my desire I'm like a leaf without a tree Like a fish without the sea I'm as cold as cold can be Without your kiss of fire Your sweet kiss of fire Your sweet kiss of fire  Please don't forsake me After showing me the way to love Just come on and make me Warm as the sun that shines above  Bring it, bring it to me Your sweet kiss of fire Stop this hurt within me Bring back my desire It's you that I adore I'll do anything you implore If you'll just give to me once more Your sweet kiss of fire Your sweet kiss of fire Fire, fire 
i want a guy-Supremes[SEP]I want a guy to love me One who will love me completely Not like the last Who's in the past Who broke my heart and made me cry  I wish that he would come and kiss me And tell me that he misses me I know someday He'll come my way And I'll never be lonely again  I don't need riches like diamond rings As long as he loves me That's everything As long as he holds me tight As long as he treats me right I'll never let him out of my sight  I want a guy with a love that's true One that I can tell my troubles to He'll be my guy And stay by my side I'd be so glad if I only had A guy, a guy Why can't I have a guy A guy 
you need me-Supremes[SEP]When day is done and you come home You shouldn't spend your nights alone That's when you need me baby  To always know that someone cares And love like mine should be shared We'll see you'll need me baby  We'll build up dreams and memories And maybe raise a family So give your love to one who yearns I'll promise true love in return How can you be so blind Can't you see you need me  If you should disappoint me And refuse my love I know my heart would die 'Cause you are my reason for living My heart and soul I'm giving Darling hear my cry You need me  To me my love's sacred thrill It's all for you and you alone You see you need me baby Though you may find another who Might take your love and be untrue You see you need me baby  Have you experienced in the past One sided love affairs don't last No need to take a chance at all When I'm just waiting for your call  How can you be so blind Can't you see you need me You need me, you need me 
a hard day's night-Supremes[SEP]It's been a hard day's night And I've been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night I should be sleeping like a log  But when I get home to you I find the things that you do Will make me feel alright  You know I work all day To get you money to buy you things And it's worth it To hear you say You're gonna give me everything  So why I love to come home 'Cause when I get you alone you know I'm feeling okay  When I'm home Everything seems to be right When I'm home Feeling you hold me tight, tight  It's been a hard day's night And I've been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night I should be sleeping like a log  But when I get home to you I find the things that you do Will make me feel alright  So why I love to come home 'Cause when I get you alone you know I'm feeling okay  When I'm home Everything seems to be alright When I'm home Feeling you hold me tight, tight  It's been a hard day's night And I've been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night I should be sleeping like a log  But when I get home to you I find the things that you do Will make me feel alright  You know I'll feel alright You know I'll feel alright 
time changes things-Supremes[SEP]Funny how time changes Rearranges everything  For instance how could I have known That you'd be the only one for me When you wanted me I didn't want you  And time changes things its true 'Cause now I want you I want you  When you used to speak to me I didn't give you a second look 'Cause I already had many guys In my telephone book But one day my heart spoke your name My heart spoke your name  And time changes things its true 'Cause now I want you I want you  Funny how times turns the tables And left me yearning, my heart burning For instance you just past me by passed me by You didn't speak and I wanted to die Now that I want you You don't want me  And time changes things, it's true You know I need you And time changes things, it's true I keep repeating, now And time changes things, it's true 'Cause now I want you  It's so funny Funny how time changes Funny how time rearranges It's so funny It's so funny how I want you 
it makes no difference now-Supremes[SEP]It makes no difference now What kind of life fate hands me I'll get along without you Now that's plain to see  I don't care what happens next But I'll get by somehow And I don't worry 'cause It makes no difference now  Now that we have really parted I can't believe we're through And I don't blame myself And I'm sure I can't blame you  I know something had to happen And it happened somehow And I don't worry 'cause It makes no difference now  After all is said and done I'll soon forget you Although I know it will be so hard to do Let things happen as they will I'll get by somehow  I don't worry 'cause It makes no difference now Not now  Let things happen as they will I'll get by somehow I don't worry 'cause It makes no difference now 
(the man with the) rock and roll banjo band-Supremes[SEP]He's a groovy swinging guy With the rock and roll banjo band  I got a sweet little guy Who lives down the street But nobody knows his name Everybody was sad and feeling so bad But that was before he came  Now everybody in the neighborhood Seems to walk with a steady beat By the rhythm of the guy With the rock and roll banjo band  The way he plays that thing It makes my poor heart ring I'm gonna marry that guy someday  If you wanna know why I love him so Then you ought to come and hear him play From the dawn to the sunset He keeps a-strumming on his banjo strings  He's the groovy swinging guy With the rock and roll banjo band  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  The way he plays that thing It makes my poor heart ring I'm gonna marry that guy someday  If you wanna know why I love him so Then you ought to come and hear him play From the dawn to the sunset He keeps a-strumming on his banjo strings  He's the groovy swinging guy With the rock and roll banjo band  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah He's the groovy swinging guy With the rock and roll banjo band He's the groovy swinging guy 
whisper you love me boy-Supremes[SEP]Whisper you love me boy Say the words you seldom say You love me more Each passing day Whisper you love me boy Just the way you used to do When our love was true It's been so long Since you held me in your arms Ooh, the joy it brings Hearing you say sweet things  Whisper you love me boy Make it sound soft and dear Tender and sincere Whisper you love me boy Say it in your sweet way The things I seldom hear you say You used to say You love me the most But now you hardly ever hold me close  Whisper you love me boy Whisper, whisper 
who could ever doubt my love-Supremes[SEP]Who could ever doubt my love? Who could ever doubt my love?  I've been falsely accused Of being untrue to him And it's not so But it's the way he's misjudged me That really hurts me so When I've been nothing but good to him Forsaking all others Giving my love to him Who could ever doubt my love?  A victim of circumstance I have been But what really hurts is Instead of believing me He believed his friends When I've been nothing but good to him  Rearrange my life to please only him Who could ever doubt my love? Who could ever doubt my love?  I've been cast aside Because he believed someone's lies After I've done the best I could Still I've been so misunderstood After I've been good to him Good to him, so good to him  Who could ever doubt my love? Who could ever doubt my love? Who could ever doubt my love? 
you can't do that-Supremes[SEP]I got something to say that might cause you pain If I catch you talking to that girl again I'm gonna let you down And leave you flat Because I told you before Oh, you can't do that  Well it's the second time I've caught you talking to her And it's the second time I've caught you being unfair I think I'll let you down And leave you flat Because I told you before Oh, you can't do that  Everybody's green 'Cause I'm the one who won your love But if they'd seen You talking that way They'd laugh in my face  So please listen to me if you wanna stay mine I can't help this feeling I'll go out of my mind You know I'll let you down And leave you flat Because I told you before Oh, you can't do that, oh  Everybody's green 'Cause I'm the one who won your love But if they'd seen You talking that way They'd laugh in my face  So please listen to me if you wanna stay mine I can't help this feeling I'll go out of my mind I'm gonna let you down And leave you flat Because I told you before Oh, you can't do that 
(he's) seventeen-Supremes[SEP]Seventeen I've got a guy that is seventeen I don't care because I'm just sixteen And my guy is seventeen He's only seventeen  He loves me And we're as happy as two can be We have pledged our love eternally And my guy is seventeen  I don't know what it is That makes me love him so I don't know if I shall ever let him go, go, go Don't you know, know, know  He's seventeen I've got a guy that is seventeen I don't care because I'm just sixteen And my guy is seventeen He's only seventeen  Guess what girls My guy is seventeen Seventeen? Yeah, guess what else girls I'm just sixteen Sixteen? So come on  Don't you know, you know he's seventeen I've got a guy that is seventeen I don't care because I'm just sixteen And my guy is seventeen He's only seventeen  He's seventeen Seventeen Seventeen Seventeen I'm sixteen Sixteen Sixteen Sixteen He's seventeen 
i want to hold your hand-Supremes[SEP]I tell you something I think you'll understand When I'll say that something I want to hold your hand I want to hold your hand I want to hold your hand  Oh please say to me That you will be my man and please say to me you'll let me hold your hand Now, let me hold your hand I want to hold your hand  And when I touch you I feel happy inside It's such a feeling that my love I can't hide I can't hide I can't hide  Yeah, you got that something I think you'll understand When I say that something I want to hold your hand I want to hold your hand I want to hold your hand  And when I touch you I feel happy inside It's such a feeling that my love I can't hide I can't hide I can't hide  Yeah, you got that something I think you'll understand When I say that something I want to hold your hand I want to hold your hand I want to hold your hand I want to hold your hand 
where did our love go-Supremes[SEP]Baby, baby Baby don't leave me Ooh, please don't leave me All by myself  I've got this burning, burning Yearning feelin' inside me Ooh, deep inside me And it hurts so bad  You came into my heart So tenderly With a burning love That stings like a bee  Now that I surrender So helplessly You now wanna leave Ooh, you wanna leave me  Ooh, baby, baby Where did our love go? Ooh, don't you want me Don't you want me no more Ooh, baby  Baby, baby Where did our love go And all your promisses Of a love forever more  I've got this burning, burning Yearning feelin' inside me Ooh, deep inside me And it hurts so bad  Before you won my heart You were a perfect guy But now that you got me You wanna leave me behind (Baby, baby) ooh baby  Baby, baby don't leave me Ooh, please don't leave me All by myself  Ooh, baby, baby Where did our love go? 
too close-Next[SEP]I wonder if she could tell I'm hard right now, hmmm Yeah, come on, dance for me baby, ha ha, yeah Ut oh, you feel that? Alright Come on, don't stop now You done did it, come on, uh, yeah, alright, hold on  [1] - Baby when we're grinding I get so excited Ooh, how I like it I try but I can't fight it Oh, you're dancing real close Cuz it's real, real slow (You know what you're doing, don't you) You're making it hard for me  All the songs on you requested You're dancing like you're naked Oh, it's almost like we're sexing (oh yeah) Yeah boo, I like it No, I can't deny it But I know you can tell I'm excited, oh girl  [2] - Step back you're dancing kinda close I feel a little poke coming through On you  Now girl I know you felt it But boo, you know I can't help it You know what I wanna do  [Repeat 1]  Baby us dancing so close Ain't a good idea Cuz I'mma want you now and here The way that you shake it on me Makes me want you so bad sexually Oh girl  [Repeat 2]  Now girl I know you felt it But boo, you know I can't help it You know what I wanna do  [Repeat 1]  [Repeat 1]  I love when you shake it like that, ah, ah, ah I see that you like it like that, oh, oh, oh I love when you shake it like that, ah, ah, ah I see that you like it like that, oh, oh, oh  [Repeat 1 while:]  I like the way you move You're making me want you Oh the way you move I like those things you do But you're a little too close  [Repeat 1 until fade] 
meant to be-Bebe Rexha[SEP][Florida Georgia Line:] Baby, lay on back and relax Kick your pretty feet up on my dash No need to go nowhere fast, let's enjoy right here where we at  Who knows where this road is supposed to lead? We got nothing but time As long as you're right here next to me, everything's gonna be alright  If it's meant to be, it'll be, it'll be Baby, just let it be If it's meant to be, it'll be, it'll be Baby, just let it be So won't you ride with me, ride with me? See where this thing goes If it's meant to be, it'll be, it'll be Baby, if it's meant to be  [Bebe Rexha:] I don't mean to be so uptight But my heart's been hurt a couple times by a couple guys that didn't treat me right I ain't gon' lie, ain't gon' lie Cause I'm tired of the fake love, show me what you're made of Boy, make me believe  [Florida Georgia Line:] Oh, hold up girl, don't you know you're beautiful? And it's easy to see  [Bebe Rexha & Florida Georgia Line:] If it's meant to be, it'll be, it'll be Baby, just let it be If it's meant to be, it'll be, it'll be Baby just let it be So won't you ride with me, ride with me? See where this thing goes If it's meant to be, it'll be, it'll be Baby, if it's meant to be  So c'mon ride with me, ride with me See where this thing goes So c'mon ride with me, ride with me Baby, if it's meant to be  [Bebe Rexha (Florida Georgia Line) {Both}:] (Maybe we do) Maybe we don't (Maybe we will) {Maybe we won't}  [Bebe Rexha & Florida Georgia Line:] But if it's meant to be, it'll be, it'll be Baby, just let it be If it's meant to be, it'll be, it'll be (c'mon) Baby, just let it be (let's go) So won't you ride with me, ride with me? See where this thing goes If it's meant to be, it'll be, it'll be Baby, if it's meant to be  [Bebe Rexha (Florida Georgia Line) {Both}:] (If it's meant to be, it'll be, it'll be) {Baby, if it's meant to be} (If it's meant to be, it'll be, it'll be) {Baby, if it's meant to be} 
get ready-Rare Earth[SEP]Never met a girl could make me feel the way that you do Whenever I'm asked what makes my dreams real, I tell 'em you do Well, tweedlee dee, tweedlee dum, look out, baby, 'cause here I come  I'm bringin' you a love that's true, get ready Start makin' love to you, get ready Oh, don't you know I'm coming On my way  You wanna play hide and seek with love, let me remind ya Lovin' you're gonna miss and the time it takes to find ya Well, fe fi fo fo fum, look out, baby, now, here I come  I'm bringin' you a love that's true, aw, get ready Start makin' love to you, get ready Don't you know I'm comin', on my way  If all my friends shouldn't want me to, I think I'll understand Hope I get to you before they do, 'cause that's how I planned it Well, tweedlee dee, now, tweedlee dum, look out, baby, now, here I come  I'm bringin' you a love that's true, get ready I'll start makin' love to you, get ready Don't you know I'm coming On my way 
i love a rainy night-Eddie Rabbitt[SEP]Well, I love a rainy night I love a rainy night I love to hear the thunder Watch the lightning When it lights up the sky You know it makes me feel good  Well, I love a rainy night It's such a beautiful sight I love to feel the rain on my face Taste the rain on my lips In the moonlight shadow  Showers wash all my cares away I wake up to a sunny day  'Cause I love a rainy night Yeah, I love a rainy night Well, I love a rainy night Well, I love a rainy night, ooh ooh  I love a rainy night I love a rainy night I love to hear the thunder Watch the lightning When it lights up the sky You know it makes me feel good  Well, I love a rainy night It's such a beautiful sight I love to feel the rain on my face Taste the rain on my lips In the moonlight shadow  Puts a song in this heart of mine Puts a smile on my face every time  'Cause I love a rainy night Yeah, I love a rainy night Ooh, I love a rainy night Yeah, I love a rainy night, ooh ooh  Showers wash all my cares away I wake up to a sunny day  'Cause I love a rainy night Yeah, I love a rainy night Well, I love a rainy night I love a rainy night  Well, I love a rainy night You can see it in my eyes Yeah, I love a rainy night 'Cause it makes me high Ooh, I love a rainy night You know I do Yeah yeah, I love a rainy night  I love a rainy night You can see it in my eyes I love a rainy night It makes me high Well, I love a rainy night And I love you, too Yeah, I love a rainy night  Well, I love a rainy night Well, I love a rainy night I love a rainy night 
the dayz of wayback-NWA[SEP]What we gonna do right here is go back...  Now this is some shit that's from the Dayz of Wayback, When niggas in Compton first started to jack. When the bitches wouldn't give you no pussy if you wasn't sellin' drug, So many bitches in my neighborhood got mugged. They always loved that shit. They want a nigga that's sellin' Ks. But nowadays they workin' at Mickey D's. But in the Dayz of Wayback I couldn't be laid back, Because I needed ends and I made that. I get the nine from my nigga that he lend me and Start robbin' muthafuckas, just like cowboys and indians. Anything it took to get paid. A nigga like Ren already had the plane made. And I was in it to win it and not to lose. And shit, it start blowin' up, once I lit the fuse. And police couldn't touch me because I was payin'em. But not with no money - Yo, I was frayin'em. And never get caught because nobody is snitch, But one hoe did - so Ren had to shoot the bitch! Now she's in a coffin and my life is better off and 'Cause everybody knows who's the bossin': That black nigga that they call Ren. You fuck with me, you gotta fuck with a Mac-10. So listen to me as I reminisce the Dayz of Wayback... So check it out y'all...  It was once a time in the Dayz of Wayback When niggas was gettin' jacked. In fact it was one I used to pass through up, And kickin' ass through up. Muthafuckin' Compton Massacre... Now let me tell you a little something about Compton When I was a kid and puttin' my bid in. Yo, Compton was like still water - just strictly calm. Now it's like muthafuckin' Vietnam. Everybody killin', tryin' to make a killin', Niggas stealin', muthafuckas willin' to dealin'. With so many ways to come up The average nigga didn't give a fuck About another muthafucka in this game and Claimin' what he claimin', Livin' like he livin', Killin' after killin'. Murder was a dirty job. To rob a dead man Was the best plan 'cause a dead man never ran. But now your best friend is your worst friend. Greed, cash the fee. Make a me more some of what you holdin'. So now your shit is stolen And you and your niggas start rollin'. Yo, to get your shit back ain't a word of. Muff? It's more murder, more murder, more murder. They wanna make you think that it's a crack thang, Or a black thang Or some niggas in a muthafuckin' gang... But guns and money they go together like the Ku Klux Klan A nigga brung up and strung up. Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me? Rememberin' the days that's past me... Yo, never givin' niggas a chance to rest. The ghetto is like a fuckin' survival test. And number one way for you to pass, Yo, get treated like a king and they'll crown your ass. They never in the wrong though, So I made a song so Muthafuckas had know If, yo, livin situations make you wanna get a gat... That's 'cause you livin' in the Dayz of Wayback... 
something 2 dance 2-NWA[SEP]Yo give me somethin' to dance to  Calling the police, Calling the g-men Calling all americans  Arabian Prince, back wit' a style that's hype Not slow and low, it's the fast type Gettin dumped, can you hear the drums Yo Dre why don't you pump it up some I pumped it up so now what's up Yo Yella boy, add a little cut What the hell, you think we need some bells Yeah, homeboy, might as well There it is, so now what's next A little ssssssssssss So find me a ho, wait a minute You need somethin' else then This is what I want you to do Feel the groove, bust a move Yo I'm tired, what about you Man this is somethin' to dance to  Man that's wack, everybody used that Yo, why dont you bring back the other track Yeah there you go that's what I'm sayin I like it when that dope stuffs playin Real loud, in ya ear hole Man let's go, I think my feet are swoll' from dancin' so damn much Maaaaaan, I don't give a what You wanna leave? With all these females pullin on my sleeve I bet, you can jet, homeboy, no sweat This is what I want you to do Feel the groove, bust a move This is somethin' to dance to  Let the bass kick Th-th-this is somethin ta dance to [x7] 
don't drink that wine-NWA[SEP]Don't drink that wine, Coke would be better It's easy to find If that won't do smoke a joint or two But don't drink that wine, oh oh that wine 
findum, fuckum, and flee-NWA[SEP]hehehehehehehahahahaha Yeah, it's me again... so check it out - ladies, not gentlemen Drop your draws, come and sit And let's get into this yeah ..  Easily I'm aproachin' There ain't no jokin' When the pussy holes are open Ready to fuck until my dick is raw Yo! the muthafuckin' devil son of law Now it's the E, the mothafuckin' pussy beater And I'm a quick-up trick-up up a quid to trick up the bitch So come here bitch and lick up the lick up the lick up the dick Now how many nuts would it take for me, To let that bitch graduate to lesson 3, let's see...  (Splash Splash ..)  Ah you can see I straight wax that ass Back up bitch unless you want nut in your eye I never never ever ever seen a bitch cry Nut 1, nut 2 nut 4 5 6 I lost the 3rd nut in the mix - fuck it!  Hey yo yella boy, let's rewind it!  6 5 4 nut 3 is up Gimme that gimme that gimme that nut You wanna feel the dick baby try your luck Because the E likes to fuck fuck fuck yo I get 'em stuck-on and get the fuck on Give 'em a dick to roam and tell 'em thanks for the pussy hole  I find 'em fuck 'em and flee you know but before I d.o' yo, I take a ho' to the hotel to the motel to the holiday inn yo, if that bitch start fuckin' up (what's you do?) I'll just fuck her friend ...  Ah Dr. Dre (what up?) , my mellow (yo) it's on you, so whatcha gonna do?  Well, it's on and on and on and on Yo the beat don't stoppin' 'till the break o' dawn Yo, every bitch I know they wanna get with me The mothafuckin' notorious D-R-E Spit game at a bitch while a nigga's around And you know most ho's knows not to clown 'Cause if a bitch tries to diss me what the fuck I lick her I smack the bitch up and shoot the nigga that's with her That's the kind of nigga that you're listenin' to Talk to you for a minute get my dick in you .. yo NOW EVERY SINGLE BITCH GOT A PRICE TO PAY UP ON THE DICKS OF N.W.A  I find 'em fuck 'em and flee you know but before I d.o' yo, I take a ho' to the hotel to the motel to the holiday inn (say what??!) if that bitch start fuckin' up, yo I'll just fuck her friend ...  Now M.C. REN (what up) my mellow (a check it out) it's on you so what the fuck you're gonna do?  Now gather 'round yo And check it out yo And all the bitches come and suck up all my balls yo And take a ticket to play with it like a slicky So put your lips on my big chocolate twinkie And you swallow all the nut If you bitches are smart To make my dick pop up like a pop-chart But after I nut I might leave you But first I must decieve you, because bitch I don't need you And don't say that you love me too 'Cause if I turn my back you would fuck the whole crew You're nothin' but a stank ho' tryin' to take my bank ho' So I have to let you know ..  At a hotel And a motel And a holiday inn (say what??!) Because if that bitch starts fuckin' up yo, I'll just fuck her friend ... 
100 miles and runnin'-NWA[SEP][Intro:]  And why do we call ourself 'Niggaz 4 Life'. 'Cause if we die we still gon' be some dead niggas.  "You don't really think you're gonna get away, do you?" "We haven't spotted them yet." "But they're somewhere in the immediate vicinity."  [MC Ren] A 100 Miles and Runnin'. MC Ren, I hold the gun and You want me to kill a mutherfucker and it's done in. Since I'm stereotyped to kill and destruct - Is one of the main reasons I don't give a fuck. Chances are usually not good 'Cause I freeze with my hands on a hot hood. And gettin' jacked by the you-know-who. When in a black and white the capacity is two. We're not alone, we're three more brothers, I mean street-brothers. Now wearin' my dyes, 'cause I'm not stupid, mutherfuckers. They're out to take our heads for what we said in the past. Point blank - They can kizz my black azz. I didn't stutter when I said "Fuck Tha Police". 'Cause it's hard for a nigga to get peace. Now it's broken and can't be fixed. 'Cause police and little black niggers don't mix so Now I'm creepin' through the fall. Runnin' like a team. Well, see, I might have slayed y'all. So for now pack the gun and Hold it in the air. 'Cause MC Ren has a 100 Miles of Runnin'...  "Into this news. Four fugitives are on the run." "FBI sources tell us that the four are headed" "100 miles to their homebase, Compton."  [Eazy E] Lend me a mutherfuckin' ear. So I can tell you why...  [Dr. Dre] Runnin' with my brothers, headed for the homebase. With a steady pace on the face that just we raced. The road ahead goes on and on. The shit is gettin' longer than the mutherfuckin' marathon. Runnin' on but never runnin' out. Stayin' wired and if I get tired, I can still try out. Hitchhikin' if that's what it gotta do. But nobody's pickin' up a Nigga Witta Attitude. Confused... Yo, but Dre's a nigga with nuthin' to lose. One of the few who's been accused and abused Of the crime of poisonin' young minds. But you don't know shit til you been in my shoes. And Dre is back from the C-P-T. Droppin' some shit that's D-O-P-E. So fuck the P-O-L-I-C-E! And any mutherfucker that disagrees. Stuck and runnin' hard, hauling ass. 'Cause I'm a nigga known for havin' a notorious past. My mind was slick - my temper was too quick. Now the FBI's all over my dick.  [Eazy E] Got us tick and runnin' just to find the gun that started the clock. That's when the E jumped off the startin' block. A 100 Miles from home and ,yo, it's a long stretch. A little sprintin' mutherfucker that they won't catch. Yeah, back to Compton again. Yo, it's either that or the Federal pen. 'Cause niggas been runnin' since beginning of time. Takin' a minute to tell you what's on my mutherfuckin' mind. Runnin' like I just don't care. Compton's 50 miles but , yo, I'mma get there. Archin' my back and on a straight rough. Just like Carl Lewis I'm ballin' the fuck out. From city to city I'm a menace as I pass by. Rippin' up shit just so you can remember I'm A straight up nigga that's done in, gunnin' and comin' Straight at yo ass. A 100 Miles and Runnin'...  [Interlude:]  This one goes out to the four brothers from Compton. You're almost there, but the FBI has a little message for you: "Nowhere to run to, baby. Nowhere to hide." Good luck brothers.  [MC Ren] Runnin' like a nigga I hate to lose. Show me on the news but I hate to be abused. I know it was a set-up. So now I'm gonna get up. Even if the FBI wants me to shut up. But I've got 10 000 niggas strong. They got everybody singin' my "Fuck Tha Police" song. And while they treat my group like dirt, Their whole fuckin' family is wearin' our T-shirts. So I'mma run til I can't run no more. 'Cause it's time for MC Ren to settle the score. I got a urge to kick down doors. At my grave like a slave even if the Ren calls.  [Dr. Dre] Clouds are dark and brothers are hidin'. Dick-tricklin' at the sunny mutherfucker's are ridin'. Started with five and, yo, one couldn't take it. So now there's four 'cause the fifth couldn't make it. The number's even - now I'm leavin'. We're never gettin' took by a bitch with a weave in. Her and the troops are right behind me. But they're so fuckin' stupid, they'll never find me.  [Eazy E] One more mile to go through the dark streets. Runnin' like a mutherfucker on my own two feet. But you know I never stumble or lag last. I'm almost home so I better haul ass. Tearin' up everything in sight. It's a little crazy mutherfucker dodging the searchlight. Now that chase, the shit, is done and Four mutherfuckers goin' crazy with A 100 Miles of Runnin'!  [Outro:]  Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Surprise, niggas 
soldier boy-Shirelles[SEP]Soldier boy Oh my little soldier boy I'll be true to you  You were my first love And you'll be my last love I will never make you blue I'll be true to you  In the whole world You can love but one girl Let me be the one girl For I'll be true to you  Wherever you go My heart will follow I love you so I'll be true to you  Take my love with you To any port or foreign shore Darling you must feel for sure And I'll be true to you  Soldier boy Oh my little soldier boy I'll be true to you 
i wanna sex you up-Color Me Badd[SEP]Come inside, take off your coat, I'll make you feel at home. Now let's pour a glass of wine 'cause now we're all alone. I've been waiting all night so just let me hold you close to me, 'Cause I've been dyin' for you girl and make love to me.  Girl you make me feel real good. We can do it 'til we both wake up. Girl, you know I'm hooked on you, And this is what I'll do...  I wanna sex you up. All night. You make me feel real good. I wanna rub you down. I wanna sex you up.  Let me take off all your clothes. Disconnect the phone so nobody knows. Let me light a candle, So that we can make it better. Makin' love until we drown.  Girl, you know it feels real good. We can do it 'til we both wake up. Girl you know I'm hooked on you. And this is what I'll do.  Make sweet lovin' all night long... (I wanna sex you up) Feels so right it can't be wrong... Don't be shy girl rescue me... (I wanna sex you up) Open up your heart and I'll set you free... 
can't get used to losing you-Andy Williams[SEP]Guess there's no use in hangin' 'round Guess I'll get dressed and do the town I'll find some crowded avenue Though it will be empty without you  Can't get used to losin' you No matter what I try to do Gonna live my whole life through Loving you  Called up some girl I used to know After I heard her say "Hello" Couldn't think of anything to say Since you're gone it happens every day  Can't get used to losin' you No matter what I try to do Gonna live my whole life through Loving you  I'll find somebody, wait and see Who am I kiddin', only me 'Cause no one else could take your place Guess that I am just a hopeless case  Can't get used to losin' you No matter what I try to do Gonna live my whole life through Loving you  I can't get used to losin' you No matter what I try to do Gonna live my whole life through Loving you 
y.m.c.a.-Village People[SEP]Young man, there's no need to feel down. I said, young man, pick yourself off the ground. I said, young man, 'cause you're in a new town There's no need to be unhappy.  Young man, there's a place you can go. I said, young man, when you're short on your dough. You can stay there, and I'm sure you will find Many ways to have a good time.  It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.  They have everything for young men to enjoy, You can hang out with all the boys...  It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.  You can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal, You can do whatever you feel...  Young man, are you listening to me? I said, young man, what do you wanna be? I said, young man, you can make real your dreams. But you got to know this one thing!  No man does it all by himself. I said, young man, put your pride on the shelf, And just go there, to the Y.M.C.A. I'm sure they can help you today.  It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.  They have everything for young men to enjoy, You can hang out with all the boys...  It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.  You can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal, You can do whatever you feel...  Young man, I was once in your shoes. I said, I was down and out with the blues. I felt no man cared if I were alive. I felt the whole world was so jive...  That's when someone came up to me, And said, "Young man, take a walk up the street. There's a place there called the 'Y.M.C.A.' They can start you back on your way."  It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.  They have everything for young men to enjoy, You can hang out with all the boys...  Y.M.C.A. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.  Young man, young man, there's no need to feel down. Young man, young man, get yourself off the ground.  Y.M.C.A. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.  Young man, are you listening to me? Young man, young man, what do you wanna be?  Y.M.C.A. You'll find it at the Y.M.C.A.  No man, young man, does it all by himself. Young man, young man, put your pride on the shelf,  Y.M.C.A. And just go to the Y.M.C.A.  Young man, young man, I was once in your shoes. Young man, young man, I was down with the blues.  Y.M.C.A. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A. 
happy together-Turtles[SEP]Imagine me and you, I do I think about you day and night It's only right To think about the girl you love And hold her tight So happy together  If I should call you up, invest a dime And you say you belong to me And ease my mind Imagine how the world could be So very fine So happy together  I can't see me loving nobody but you for all my life When you're with me, baby, the skies will be blue for all my life  Me and you and you and me No matter how they tossed the dice It had to be The only one for me is you And you for me So happy together  I can't see me loving nobody but you for all my life When you're with me, baby, the skies will be blue for all my life  Me and you and you and me No matter how they tossed the dice It had to be The only one for me is you And you for me So happy together ...  Me and you and you and me No matter how they tossed the dice It had to be The only one for me is you And you for me So happy together So happy together How is the weather? So happy together We're happy together So happy together We're happy together So happy together So happy together 
got my mind set on you-George Harrison[SEP]I got my mind set on you I got my mind set on you I got my mind set on you I got my mind set on you  But it's gonna take money A whole lotta spending money It's gonna take plenty of money To do it right child  It's gonna take time A whole lot of precious time It's gonna take patience and time, ummm To do it, to do it, to do it, to do it, to do it To do it right child  I got my mind set on you I got my mind set on you I got my mind set on you I got my mind set on you  And this time I know it's for real The feelings that I feel I know if I put my mind to it I know that I really can do it  I got my mind set on you Set on you I got my mind set on you Set on you  But it's gonna take money A whole lotta spending money It's gonna take plenty of money To do it right child  It's gonna take time A whole lot of precious time It's gonna take patience and time, ummm To do it, to do it, to do it, to do it, to do it To do it right child  I got my mind set on you I got my mind set on you I got my mind set on you I got my mind set on you  And this time I know it's for real The feelings that I feel I know if I put my mind to it I know that I really can do it  But it's gonna take money A whole lotta spending money It's gonna take plenty of money To do it right child  It's gonna take time A whole lot of precious time It's gonna take patience and time, ummm To do it, to do it, to do it, to do it, to do it To do it right  Set on you Set on you Set on you Set on you Set on you Set on you Set on you I got my mind set on you Set on you... 
broken wings-Mr. Mister[SEP]Baby, don't understand Why we can't just hold on to each others' hands This time might be the last, I fear Unless I make it all too clear I need you so, ohh  Take these broken wings And learn to fly again Learn to live so free When we hear the voices sing The book of love will open up and let us in Take these broken wings  Baby, I think tonight We can take what was wrong and make it right, mmm Baby, it's all I know That you're half of the flesh And blood that makes me whole I need you so  So take these broken wings And learn to fly again Learn to live so free And when we hear the voices sing The book of love will open up and let us in  Take these broken wings You've got to learn to fly Learn to live and love so free And when we hear the voices sing The book of love will open up and let us in, yeah, yeah  Let us in Let us in  Baby, it's all I know That you're half of the flesh And blood that makes me whole Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah  So take these broken wings And learn to fly again Learn to live so free And when we hear the voices sing The book of love will open up and let us in  Take these broken wings You've got to learn to fly Learn to live and love so free And when we hear the voices sing The book of love will open up for us and let us in, yeah yeah Yeah yeah Ooh 
gangsta's paradise-Coolio[SEP]As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I take a look at my life and realize there's nothin' left 'Cause I've been blasting and laughing so long, That even my mama thinks that my mind is gone But I ain't never crossed a man that didn't deserve it Me be treated like a punk you know that's unheard of You better watch how you're talking and where you're walking Or you and your homies might be lined in chalk I really hate to trip but I gotta loc As they croak, I see myself in the pistol smoke, fool I'm the kinda G the little homies wanna be like On my knees in the night saying prayers in the streetlight  Been spending most their lives, living in the gangsta's paradise Been spending most their lives, living in the gangsta's paradise Keep spending most our lives, living in the gangsta's paradise Keep spending most our lives, living in the gangsta's paradise  Look at the situation they got me facin' I can't live a normal life, I was raised by the streets So I gotta be down with the hood team Too much television watching got me chasing dreams I'm an educated fool with money on my mind Got my 10 in my hand and a gleam in my eye I'm a loc'd out gangsta set trippin' banger And my homies is down so don't arouse my anger, fool Death ain't nothing but a heartbeat away, I'm living life, do or die, what can I say I'm 23 now, but will I live to see 24 The way things are going I don't know  Tell me why are we so blind to see That the ones we hurt are you and me  Been spending most their lives, living in the gangsta's paradise Been spending most their lives, living in the gangsta's paradise Keep spending most our lives, living in the gangsta's paradise Keep spending most our lives, living in the gangsta's paradise  Power and the money, money and the power Minute after minute, hour after hour Everybody's running, but half of them ain't looking What's going on in the kitchen, but I don't know what's cookin' They say I gotta learn, but nobody's here to teach me If they can't understand it, how can they reach me I guess they can't, I guess they won't I guess they front, that's why I know my life is out of luck, fool  Been spending most their lives, living in the gangsta's paradise Been spending most their lives, living in the gangsta's paradise Keep spending most our lives, living in the gangsta's paradise Keep spending most our lives, living in the gangsta's paradise  Tell me why are we so blind to see That the ones we hurt are you and me Tell me why are we so blind to see That the ones we hurt are you and me [Fade out] 
eye of the tiger-Survivor[SEP]Rising up, back on the street Did my time, took my chances Went the distance, now I'm back on my feet Just a man and his will to survive  So many times it happens too fast You trade your passion for glory Don't lose your grip on the dreams of the past You must fight just to keep them alive  It's the eye of the tiger It's the thrill of the fight Rising up to the challenge of our rival And the last known survivor Stalks his prey in the night And he's watching us all with the eye of the tiger  Face to face, out in the heat Hanging tough, staying hungry They stack the odds still we take to the street For the kill with the skill to survive  It's the eye of the tiger It's the thrill of the fight Rising up to the challenge of our rival And the last known survivor Stalks his prey in the night And he's watching us all with the eye of the tiger  Rising up, straight to the top Had the guts, got the glory Went the distance, now I'm not gonna stop Just a man and his will to survive  It's the eye of the tiger It's the thrill of the fight Rising up to the challenge of our rival And the last known survivor Stalks his prey in the night And he's watching us all with the eye of the tiger  The eye of the tiger The eye of the tiger The eye of the tiger The eye of the tiger 
tramp-Otis Redding[SEP]Tramp! What you call me? Tramp. You didn't! You don't wear continental clothes, or Stetson hats. Well I tell you one dog-gone thing. It makes me feel good to know one thing. I know I'm a lover. Matter of opinion. That's all right, Mama was. Papa too. And I'm the only child. Lovin' is all I know to do. You know what, Otis? What? You're country. That's all right. You straight from the Georgia woods. That's good. You know what? You wear overalls, and big old brogan shoes, and you need a haircut, Tramp. Haircut? Woman, you foolin'...ooh...I'm a lover. Mama was. Grandmama, Papa too. Boogaloo. All that stuff. And I'm the only son-of-a-gun this side of the Sun. Tramp! You know what, Otis? I don't care what you say, you're still a tramp. What? That's right. You haven't even got a fat bankroll in your pocket. You probably haven't even got twenty-five cents. I got six Cadillacs, five Lincolns, four Fords, six Mercuries, three T-Birds, Mustang, ooooooohhh...I'm a lover. Mama was. Papa too. I tell you one thing.  Well tell me. I'm the only son-of-a-gun this side of the Sun. You're a tramp, Otis. No I'm not. I don't care what you say, you're still a tramp. What's wrong with that? Look here. You ain't got no money. I got everything. You can't buy me all those minks and sables and all that stuff I want. I can buy you minks, rats, frogs, squirrels, rabbits, ...anything you want, Woman. Look, you can go out in the Georgia woods and find them, Baby. Oh, you foolin'. You're still a tramp. That's all right. You a tramp, Otis. You just a tramp. That's all right. You we 
tell it like it is-Otis Redding[SEP]If you want something to play with Go and find yourself a toy Baby my time is too expensive And I'm not a little boy  If you are serious Don't play with my heart It makes me furious But if you want me to love you Then a baby I will, girl you know that I will  Tell it like it is Don't be ashamed to let your conscience be your guide Tell it like it is I believe you love me, forget your foolish pride  Life is too short to have sorrow You may be here today and gone tomorrow You might as well get what you want So go on and live, baby go on and live  I'm just tellin' you like it is I'm nothing to play with Go and find yourself a baby boy I'm just tellin' you like it is 'Cause I'm too good to you for that 
hawg for you-Otis Redding[SEP]I'm a hawg for you, baby I'm gonna root all around your door I'm a dirty hawg for you, baby And I'm gonna keep on rootin' All around your door, baby, now now I'm gonna keep on rootin', baby Till I can't root no more  I got rockin' pneumonia, asiatic flu I got something I'm gon' tell you, baby I wanna sock it to you Hawg for you, baby And I'm gonna rock all around your door Keep on rootin', rootin' Rootin', root, baby, yeah Till I just can't root no more  Hawg for you, baby Hawg for you, honey  Take ya anywhere, buy you any airplane Fly you all over the world I'm gon' be your loving man Hawg for ya baby And I got where you wanna go Keep on rootin' Lord, till I just can't root no more  Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord Hawg for ya baby 
(your love keeps lifting me) higher and higher-Otis Redding[SEP]Your love keeps lifting me higher Than I ever been lifted before So give me love Which is my desire, honey I'm gonna be at your side Forever more  Now, you know your love Keeps lifting me higher Than I ever been lifted before So give me love, oh Which is my desire I'm gonna be at your side Forever more  Now, once down and broken hearted And dissapointment was my closest friend And than you, you came and heated parted And you know he never showed his face again  Now, you know your love Keeps lifting me higher Than I ever been lifted before So give me love, oh Which is my desire I'm gonna be at your side Forever more, hey, hey, hey  Know your love Lifting me higher Than I ever been lifted before So give me love Which is my desire, ha I'm gonna be at your side Forever more  Now, you know your love Keeps lifting me higher Than I ever been lifted before So give me love, oh Which is my desire, oh, honey I'm gonna be at your side Forever more  Oh I got to tell you 'bout it Keep me, lift me all up, lift me Lift me little higher, now Keep me going all up I wanna higher, higher, higher, higher Get me up there I gotta get on up there Lift me, lift me, lift me, oh lift me Up, up, up, up, up, up Gotta get on up Gotta, gotta, get on up there... 
(sittin' on) the dock of the bay-Otis Redding[SEP]Sittin' in the morning sun I'll be sittin' when the evening comes Watching the ships roll in Then I watch them roll away again, yeah  I'm sittin' on the dock of the bay Watchin' the tide roll away, ooh I'm just sittin' on the dock of the bay Wastin' time  I left my home in Georgia Headed for the Frisco Bay Cuz I've had nothing to live for And look like nothing's gonna come my way  So, I'm just gon' sit on the dock of the bay Watchin' the tide roll away, ooh I'm sittin' on the dock of the bay Wastin' time  Looks like nothing's gonna change Everything still remains the same I can't do what ten people tell me to do So I guess I'll remain the same, listen  Sittin' here resting my bones And this loneliness won't leave me alone, listen Two thousand miles I roam Just to make this dock my home, now  I'm just gon' sit at the dock of a bay Watchin' the tide roll away, ooh Sittin' on the dock of the bay Wastin' time  [Ends in harmonic whistling] 
i've been loving you too long-Otis Redding[SEP]I've been loving you too long to stop now  You are tired and you want to be free My love is growing stronger, as you become a habit to me Ohh, I've been loving you too long I don't wanna stop now  With you my life has been so wonderful I can't stop now You are tired and your love is growing cold My love is growing stronger as our affair, affair grows old I've been loving you oh, too long I don't want to stop now, ohh, ohh, ohh  I've been loving you a little too long I don't wanna stop now, ohh, ohh, ohh And don't make me stop now Oh baby I'm down on my knees Please, don't make me stop now  I love you, I love you, I love you with all my heart And I can't stop now Please, please, please don't make me stop now Talkin' 'bout heart and soul That I love you I love you 
i got the will-Otis Redding[SEP]A boy I used to love, he up and left me now I'm tryin' to get him back but he won't accept me, no, no I got the will, I can't find the way now, no, no  Let me tell you now, what my mama told me, the old sayin' is If there's a will, girl, there's got to be a way now Mama, I got the will but I can't find my way now, no, no  This is what she told me now You got the will, girl, you got the power now You got everything, Lord have mercy na, na  Every second, baby, every minute, honey Every hour now, I'm always thinkin' of you, baby I got the will but I can't find my way now, no, no  Let me, let me tell you, honey I know you need me, baby, I know you love me, honey I really want you, I got to, got to see you now Baby, I got the will but I can't find my way now, no, no  Let me, let me tell you now I got the will now, I got the power now I got everything, Lord have mercy, no, no  Baby, baby, you know I need you now Baby, baby, you know I love you, love you now Oh baby, I got the will but I can't find my way, no, no  Let me tell you now What my mama told me, the old sayin' is If there's a will, girl, there's got to be a way now Mama, I got the will but I can't find my way now, oh no  This is what you told me now You got the will, girl, you got the power now You got everything, good gracious Lord, have mercy  I got the will, I can't find my way I got the will now, I can't find my way now I got the power now, I got the will now  You got the will now, I got the will now Can't find my way now, mama, mama I got the will now, I can't find my way now 
lovey dovey-Otis Redding[SEP]I said you're the cutest thing that I've ever seen I really love your peaches, wanna shake your tree Lovey dovey, lovey dovey all the time Said lovey dovey, I can't get you out of my mind  I tell you that I love you and you ought to know I love the way your father slammed the back door Lovey dovey, lovey dovey all the time Said lovey dovey, I can't get you out of my mind  I get a high when you kiss me and I'm on the ceiling My knees get weak, my heart beats, my head starts dreaming I love you pretty baby, place no one above Give it up, I can't wait because  You're the cutest thing that I ever did see Love those peaches, got to have that tree  Lovey dovey, lovey dovey all the time Said lovey dovey, I can't get you out of my mind  I get a high when you kiss me and I'm on the ceiling My knees get weak, my head starts dreaming Give it up, I just can't wait  You're the cutest thing that I ever did see I really love your peaches, got to shake that tree Lovey dovey, lovey dovey all the time Said lovey dovey, I can't get you out of my mind  And I'm walking and I'm talking but I feel alright Said lovey dovey, I can't get you out of my mind Lovey dovey, I can't get you out of my mind 
the happy song (dum-dum)-Otis Redding[SEP]Gonna sing this song y'all Singin' it for my baby She's the only one can bring me joy That's why I sing these happy songs  They go dum, dum, deedle dee, dum dum Dum, dum, deedle dee, dum dum Dum, dum, deedle dee, dum dum Come on now happy song, happy song now  On a cold, rainy, windy night She shut all the doors, she cut off the lights She holds me and squeeze me tight She tells me, "Big O, everything's all right"  And I go dum, dum, deedle dee, dum dum Play it again, dum, dum, deedle dee, dum dum Do it again, dum, dum, deedle dee, dum dum Come on now those happy songs, happy, happy songs  Come on Bring my breakfast to the table When I go to work she knows I'm able Do my job, I come back in You oughta see my baby's face, she just grins, grins, grins  I go dum, dum, deedle dee, dum dum Play it again, dum, dum, deedle dee, dum dum Sing them happy songs Lovely, lovely songs Sweet soul songs Those good old happy songs Give you such a feeling A lovely, lovely, feeling It makes you wanna shout It knocks you, knocks you out Happy, happy songs Those good old lovely songs Those good old nursery rhyme songs Those good old lovely songs Those sweet soul music songs 
open the door-Otis Redding[SEP][spoken] I've been so wrong, so many times. Now you know what I'm talkin' about. We've all been wrong a time in our life. And we all make mistakes sometimes of leaving what's good for us. I made that mistake, now I'm tryin' to get back to my baby.  This runnin' round, sure 'nough, is killin' me Let me, let me in Let me in, let me in Let me in, let me in Let me in, let me in, let me in, let me in, let me ease on in  Look into my eyes Can't you see I got to come on in I ain't lyin', and I ain't smilin' 'bout it, baby Open the door or I'm bustin' in Because this runnin' around Sure 'nough, sure 'nough, is killin' me  Let me in, it's killin' me, baby I got ta come on in Let me in, baby, please let me in  I got ta come on in, honey Open the door Open the door Let me in, let me in, let me in, let me ease on in Mama, mama, got to come in Open the door I can't stand this cold Let me in this house I'm tired of this runnin' around Tired of being, tired of being all alone Standing out here and walkin' with, walkin' with [fade] 
a woman, a lover, a friend-Otis Redding[SEP]hum..., I want me somebody to hold my hand Somebody to love me and understand I want me a woman, I want a lover, I want a friend, oh  I want me somebody to share my love Lovin' is something I gotta have I want me a woman, I want a lover, I want a friend  I don't want a fancy gal, powder and paint And I don't want me a woman who thinks she's a saint I'm lookin' for someone who's not make believe And doesn't mind giving so that she may receive  I want me somebody somewhere around That's looking for someone Tee pound for pound  Oooh, I want me a woman, I want a lover, I want a friend Yeah I want this little girl right now I Want to run away now Want her really how now Ah, baby Come on baby Need you right here by my side now I need you to protect me I need you to stand right by me And I want you And I want you to just Come on baby And I want you I want you I want you I want you I want you I want you I want you I want you I want you 
windy-Association[SEP]Who's peeking out from under a stairway Calling a name that's lighter than air? Who's bending down to give me a rainbow? Everyone knows it's Windy  Who's tripping down the streets of the city Smiling at everybody she sees? Who's reaching out to capture a moment? Everyone knows it's Windy  And Windy has stormy eyes That flash at the sound of lies And Windy has wings to fly Above the clouds (Above the clouds) Above the clouds (Above the clouds)  And Windy has stormy eyes That flash at the sound of lies And Windy has wings to fly Above the clouds (Above the clouds) Above the clouds (Above the clouds)  Who's tripping down the streets of the city Smiling at everybody she sees? Who's reaching out to capture a moment? Everyone knows it's Windy  Who's tripping down the streets of the city Smiling at everybody she sees? Who's reaching out to capture a moment? Everyone knows it's Windy  Who's tripping down the streets of the city Smiling at everybody she sees? Who's reaching out to capture a moment? Everyone knows it's Windy  Who's tripping down the streets of the city Smiling at everybody she sees? Who's reaching out to capture a moment? Everyone knows it's Windy  Who's tripping down the streets of the city Smiling at everybody she sees? Who's reaching out to capture a moment? Everyone knows it's Windy 
cherish-Association[SEP]Cherish is the word I use to describe All the feeling that I have Hiding here for you inside You don't know how many times I've wished that I had told you You don't know how many times I've wished that I could hold you You don't know how many times I've wished that I could Mold you into someone who could Cherish me as much as I cherish you  Perish is the word that more than applies To the hope in my heart each time I realize That I am not gonna be the one To share your dreams That I am not gonna be the one To share your schemes That I am not gonna be the one to share what Seems to be the life that you could Cherish as much as I do yours  Oh, I'm beginning to think that man has never found The words that could make you want me That have the right amount of letters Just the right sound That could make you hear, make you see That you are drivin' me out of my mind  Oh, I could say I need you But then you'd realize That I want you Just like a thousand other guys Who'd say they loved you Like all the rest of their lies When all they wanted Was to touch your face your hands And gaze into your eyes  Cherish is the word I use to describe All the feeling That I have hiding here for you inside You don't know how many times I've wished that I had told you You don't know how many times I've wished that I could hold you You don't know how many times I've wished that I could Mold you into someone who could Cherish me as much as I cherish you  And I do Cherish you And I do Cherish you  Cherish is the word 
old town road-Lil Nas X[SEP]You know what? I'm done, done, done  Yeah, I'm gonna take my horse to the old town road I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no more I'm gonna take my horse to the old town road I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no more (Kio, Kio)  I got the horses in the back Horse tack is attached Hat is matte black Got the boots that's black to match Ridin' on a horse, ha You can whip your Porsche I been in the valley You ain't been up off that porch, now  Can't nobody tell me nothin' You can't tell me nothin' Can't nobody tell me nothin' You can't tell me nothin'  Ridin' on a tractor Lean all in my bladder Cheated on my baby You can go and ask her My life is a movie Bull ridin' and boobies Cowboy hat from Gucci Wrangler on my booty  Can't nobody tell me nothin' You can't tell me nothin' Can't nobody tell me nothin' You can't tell me nothin'  Yeah, I'm gonna take my horse to the old town road I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no more I'm gonna take my horse to the old town road I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no more I got the— 
when my eyes-Amy Winehouse[SEP]Waitress on skates, in trainin' They dart to call it dreaming Images present themselves to me Seeds are ripe for reaping I continue sleepin' You're everything you ever wanted to be And nothin' here is changing No messy rearranging Cause every set of ficus stays the same Sinatra's always singing And you do all the clinging And someone else accepts my place Whatever my imagination throws So rugged, growing rose When my eyes do close When my eyes do close When they close  Turn and face my ceiling Deep in all the feeling Inhibitions turn to dust and fly away Stop my eyelids flickering With your petty bickering But this time I say what I got to say  I hear my girl Dinah's playing And tree branches start swayin' Run over and sit right by the roof And I see the leaves are growing Little buds are showing Reach out a hand And bite into the fruit  Whatever my imagination throws So rugged, growing rose When my eyes do close When my eyes do close  Nothin' such a scrutiny Voiding purple mutual You are loving beautifully And it's fragrant beautifully Colorful and monochrome Amy Winehouse alone Far away from ringing phone at home I turn to stone, turn to stone And all the thoughts are static Yeah, my singing is automatic And I wish that I could sell it In my every urge you tell her Cause I can sense no danger I am the lone ranger Through the desert in a yellow caddy With a black haired blue eyed stranger!  White dress outside drying I've been fear for flying I overtake Montgomery in skills, yeah Never been more daring Kitten heels I'm wearing Reality a blow that sometimes kills  When I drop it lyrically Words evolve generically And I don't ever need to collapse in tears And I could curse your timing Thunderously miming And I feel young beyond my years  Whatever my imagination throws So rugged, growing rose When my eyes do close When my eyes do close When they close... 
to know him is to love him(deluxe edition bonus track)-Amy Winehouse[SEP]To know, know, know him Is to love, love, love him Just to see that smile, Makes my life worthwhile  To know, know, know him Is to love, love, love him And I do, I do, I do  Oh, I'll be good to him, I'll bring joy to him Oh, everyone says There'll come a day When I'll walk alongside of him To know him is to love, love, love him And I do, I really do, I do  Why can't he see, How blind can he be Someday he'll see That he was meant for me  Oh oh, to know, know, know him Is to love, love, love him Just to see that smile, Oh, it makes my life worthwhile To know, know, know him Is to love, love, love him And I do, I really do, and I do. 
best friends, right?-Amy Winehouse[SEP]I can't wait to get away from you Unsurprisingly you hate me too We only communicate when we need to fight But we are best friends, right?  You're too good at pretending you don't care There's enough resentment in the air You don't want me in the flat when you're home at night But we are best friends, right?  You're Stephanie and I'm Paulette You know what all my faces mean And it's easy to smoke it up, forget Everything that happened in between Nicki's right when he says I can't win So I don't wanna tell you anything I can't even think about how you feel inside But we are best friends, right?  I don't like the way you say my name You're always looking for someone to blame You want me to suffer just cause you were born white But we are best friends, right?  You're Stephanie and I'm Paulette You know what all my faces mean It's easy to smoke it up and forget Everything that happened in between  I had love for you when I was 4 And there's no one I want to smoke with more Someday I'll buy the Rizla and you get the draw  Because we are best friends, right, right, right? Because we are best friends, right? Because we are best friends, right? 
long day-Amy Winehouse[SEP]Running down my batt-er-ies Laying me out to rest Knowing when that in Five hours I'll wake up and de-stress And I'm digging myself into a hole And these days I just work When once I had so much soul  [Chorus:] And lately I've forgotten who I am Need to let my energy just drain away And now - my mind - is working overtime It's been a looong day Such a long day, ay, ay  Mmm and while all my contemporaries (All my friends, yeah) Are sitting in college now My education is dragging, dragging My guitar through London town And the thing that wakes me when I could sleep instead Is the thought that tonight I can fall back into bed  [Chorus:] And lately, I've forgotten who I am Need to let my energy just drain away And now my mind is working overtime It's been a looooooong day It's been a long day (a long day)  Recently my head It ain't recharged as such And sleep can only cure, yeah A restless mind so much  [Chorus:] Lately I've forgotten who I am Need to let my energy just drain away And now my mind is working overtime It's been a long day It's been a long long long day It's been a long long long day It's been a long day So long, so long, so loooooooong 
physical-Olivia Newton-John[SEP]I'm saying all the things that I know you'll like Making good conversation I gotta handle you just right You know what I mean I took you to an intimate restaurant Then to a suggestive movie There's nothing left to talk about Unless it's horizontally  Let's get physical, physical I wanna get physical Let's get into physical Let me hear your body talk, your body talk Let me hear your body talk  I've been patient, I've been good Tried to keep my hands on the table It's gettin' hard this holdin' back If you know what I mean  I'm sure you'll understand my point of view We know each other mentally You gotta know that you're bringin' out The animal in me  Let's get physical, physical I wanna get physical Let's get into physical Let me hear your body talk, your body talk Let me hear your body talk  Let's get physical, physical I wanna get physical Let's get into physical Let me hear your body talk, your body talk Let me hear your body talk  Let's get physical, physical I wanna get physical Let's get into physical Let me hear your body talk, your body talk Let me hear your body talk  Let's get animal, animal I wanna get animal Let's get into animal Let me hear your body talk Let me hear your body talk 
magic-Olivia Newton-John[SEP]Come take my hand You should know me I've always been in your mind You know that I'll be kind I'll be guiding you  Building your dream Has to start now There's no other road to take You won't make a mistake I'll be guiding you  You have to believe we are magic Nothin' can stand in our way You have to believe we are magic Don't let your aim ever stray And if all your hopes survive Your destiny will arrive I'll bring all your dreams alive For you  From where I stand You are home free The planets align so rare There's promise in the air And I'm guiding you  Through every turn I'll be near you I'll come anytime you call I'll catch you when you fall I'll be guiding you  You have to believe we are magic Nothin' can stand in our way You have to believe we are magic Don't let your aim ever stray And if all your hopes survive Your destiny will arrive I'll bring all your dreams alive For you 
bad day-Daniel Powter[SEP]Where is the moment we needed the most You kick up the leaves and the magic is lost They tell me your blue skies fade to grey They tell me your passion's gone away And I don't need no carryin' on  You stand in the line just to hit a new low You're faking a smile with the coffee to go You tell me your life's been way off line You're falling to pieces every time And I don't need no carryin' on  'Cause you had a bad day You're taking one down You sing a sad song just to turn it around You say you don't know You tell me don't lie You work at a smile and you go for a ride You had a bad day The camera don't lie You're coming back down and you really don't mind You had a bad day You had a bad day  Well, you need a blue sky holiday The point is they laugh at what you say And I don't need no carryin' on  You had a bad day You're taking one down You sing a sad song just to turn it around You say you don't know You tell me don't lie You work at a smile and you go for a ride You had a bad day The camera don't lie You're coming back down and you really don't mind You had a bad day  (Oh, on a holiday)  Sometimes the system goes on the blink And the whole thing turns out wrong You might not make it back and you know That you could be well, oh, that strong And I'm not wrong  (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)  So where is the passion when you need it the most Oh, you and I You kick up the leaves and the magic is lost  'Cause you had a bad day You're taking one down You sing a sad song just to turn it around You say you don't know You tell me don't lie You work at a smile and you go for a ride You had a bad day You've seen what you like And how does it feel for one more time You had a bad day You had a bad day  Had a bad day Had a bad day Had a bad day 
murder murder-Eminem[SEP][CHORUS] All I see is murder murder, my mind state - [2Pac] Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate - [Swift] All I see is murder murder, my mind state Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill! [2x]  Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman Fuck a peace plan of citizen bystands But shit is in my hands, here's your life span For what your life's worth this money is twice than Grab a couple grand and live a nice land See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin' Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin' Shot a man twice in the back when he tried escapin' I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan Maybe I need my head inside straightened Brain contemplatin', clean out the register Dip before somebody catches ya Or gets ya description an' sketches ya The connection was the prime suspect But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet Cuz I got a daughter to feed And $200 ain't enough to water the seed The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell an' hit up Chess King And have the lady at the desk bring Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the Mac Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack This bitch tried escapin' the jack Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote You barely heard a word as she choked It wasn't nuttin' for her to be smoked But I slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke Just then the pigs bust in yellin' "Freeze!" But I'm already wanted for sellin' keys And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees I bust shots, they bust back Hit the square in the chest, he wasn't wearin' a vest  [CHORUS 2x]  Left the house, pullin' out the drive backin' out Need a backin' out this lady's Jag started blackin' out Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face Shut ya yackin' mouth before I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp Drug her by her hair, smacked her up Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up Stole her car, made a profit Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window Like the girl on Set It Off did Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal Drove in thru somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool Climbed out and collapsed on the patio I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though Parents screamin': "Son, go in and call the police Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!" Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a nick before Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64 When they sell out in stores the price triples I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles And colliding with an 80-year old lady with groceries There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties Stood up and started to see stars Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars Barely escaped, must-a been some dumb luck Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck But I think somebody seen me maybe Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must-a dropped the Beanie Baby Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits Came out with a white flag hollerin' "TRUCE TRUCE!" Surrendered my weapon to cops Wasn't me! It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnopps  [CHORUS 2x ]  [CHORUS scratches to fade out] 
greatest-Eminem[SEP]Motherfuckers talkin' crazy (yeah) Sayin' I should quit (ah) I fuckin' tell 'em make me (bitch) Eat a fuckin' dick (yeah) I'm feelin' like the greatest (woo!) On the beat who ever did it Mike Will the one who made it It's Shady on the lyrics  I'm somewhat outlandish they say You say we're cut from the same cloth But I guess you fabricate, eh? You better bring more men than the Latter Day Saints Manic states, Stephen Paddock with automatic stay sprayin' At anything that may stand in they way As I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade And a trey eight, at the Mandalay Bay Common sense, I'm a dollar short and a day late James Holmes at the Saturday Batman matinee Must have missed my CAT scan that day (yeah!) I just threw a Tampax at Dre Trashcan, Tascam and ashtray I'm turning back to a madman, can't take Anymore but I try to get away from the anger and rage My basal ganglia's an A to the K Get your ass sprayed like bidets Breakin' your legs eight different ways, aim for the waist You chumps don't even know how to do somethin' To give goosebumps a day when you say That somethin' you won't give someone a lump in their throat If you had them choked up you'd be yankin' my chain Feelin' like I'm headed for a padded cell The bar for me what I rap isn't fair but Guess that's the standard I'm held to But if somethin' like that doesn't tell ya You set a mark too high when platinum sales are Looked at as a failure (yeah) Then you better take it back to The Shelter and Hamburger Helper 'Cause damn it I'm still the—  Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world No lie, I might be The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it I feel like the greatest Woke up to honkies sounding like me Never be as good, never be as good Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white But I'm the greatest  So you sold 10 million albums, eh? (what?) Only problem is, you put out 10 million albums, eh? (haha) Wait, what was I just about to say? Oh yeah, let me get this out the way I know there's people that are pissed about the way I mispronounced a name, "DIE ANTWOORD!" Fuck, I still can't say this shit, but how quickly they forget Who the fuck I was now Ninja try to duck my slugs To let ya girl get fucked by Muggs I'd like to give a shout to Cypress (woo!) This can't be real, you dissed me and I was just tryin' to Give you a shout—now get the fuck out my rhyme book! No more shiners, already too much time tokin' rappers I hear you talkin' shit, I'm just too big to respond to it God forbid I forget, go and jump out the window Somebody better child-proof it 'Cause if I lose it we can rewind to some old Ja Rule shit And I can remind motherfuckers how I do shit You don't got the tools, I got my toolkit I bullshit you not, y'all fools just forgot That I'm so fuckin' awful with the thoughts And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop So you can call it a nostril 'cause it's-not… gonna ever I'll never let up on the pedal, might as well get the mop 'Cause I'm wipin' up everyone in this genre 'Cause on the mic I feel like I'm the—  Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world No lie, I might be The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it I feel like the greatest Woke up to honkies sounding like me Never be as good, never be as good Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white But I'm the greatest  Oh yeah, and one more thing I want to mention (what?) Is you're one dimension I'm a monkey wrench and I can flunk detention I love contentions, so welcome to the gun convention Muscles flexin', gotta strut like a front suspension And you just stuck the key up in the ignition And gave me enough gas to flood my engine (yeah) Psychopath, Michael's Jack's blowin' up like a raft I should slap Vlad with a ISIS flag Bet you I come back twice as bad (uh) Revival didn't go viral! Denaun and Royce tell me that I should take the high road Fuck that, I'm finna hit back 'Til I run out of gun powder and split the scene Hold the mic similar to pistol, squeeze And I shoot from the hip when I grip them things And my lips and the clips got the cig lit like it's nicotine Trigger me and Slim gets mean (prr!) Bars are like bullets when I spit them schemes That's why I call the motherfuckers M16s (woo!) Float like a butterfly, I'm gonna sting like a bee You ain't harmin' a thing I hit a dame as hard as I'm gonna swing I'm gonna need to put my arm in a sling But like a wedding band You gotta be diamond to even climb in the ring An anomaly, I'm Muhammad Ali 'Cause I know one day I'm gonna be the—  Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world No lie, I might be The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it I feel like the greatest Woke up to honkies sounding like me Never be as good, never be as good Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white But I'm the greatest 
mockingbird-Eminem[SEP]Yeah I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now But hey, what daddy always tell you? Straighten up little soldier Stiffen up that upper lip What you crying about? You got me.  Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry 'Cause you're scared, I ain't there? Daddy's with you in your prayers No more crying, wipe them tears Daddy's here, no more nightmares We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it Lainie Uncle's crazy, ain't he? Yeah, but he loves you girl and you better know it We're all we got in this world When it spins, when it swirls When it whirls, when it twirls Two little beautiful girls Lookin' puzzled, in a daze I know it's confusing you Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me All the things growing up as daddy, that he had to see Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me But things have got so bad between us I don't see us ever being together ever again Like we used to be when we was teenagers But then of course everything always happens for a reason I guess it was never meant to be But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream  Now hush little baby, don't you cry Everything's gonna be alright Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why We fear how we feel inside It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby But I promise mama's gon' be alright  (Ha) It's funny I remember back one year when daddy had no money Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me 'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying 'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom And at the time every house that we lived in Either kept getting broken into and robbed Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it And I know it hurts so bad it broke your mamma's heart And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre And flew you and momma out to see me But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand 'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud Now I'm sitting in this empty house, just reminiscing Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now Wow, I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here I like the sound of that, yeah It's got a ring to it don't it? Shh, mama's only gone for the moment  Now hush little baby, don't you cry Everything's gonna be alright Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why We fear how we feel inside It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby But I promise mama's gon' be alright  And if you ask me to Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird I'mma give you the world I'mma buy a diamond ring for you I'mma sing for you I'll do anything for you to see you smile And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine I'mma break that birdie's neck I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad (ha ha) 
we as americans-Eminem[SEP][Eminem singing]  There's an intruder in my house He cut my phone-lines can't dial out I scream for police but I doubt They're gonna hear me when I shout  [rapping]  A couple of cocktails will send me to jail there's a couple of cops hot on my trail But this time, when I get pulled over there's a doberman pincher and a pitbull in the seat these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me quit fooling with me Bitch, you're gonna see No pistol in the seat why it always gotta be an issue when you're me and which you're gonna see in the long run Im'a be the wrong one you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass flashing that flash-light on my ass where was you at last night when them assholes ran up on my grass rapper slash actor kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass they took away my right to bear arms what I'm 'posed to fight with bare palms? yeah right they coming with bombs, I'm coming with flare-guns We as Americans  [Chorus]  We as a Americans Us as a citizen Gotta protect ourselves Look at how shit has been We better check ourselves Living up in these streets Through worse and through better health Surviving by any means We as Americans Us as a citizen We are Samaritans What do we get us in We better check ourselves Look at how shit has been Take a look where you live This is America And we are Americans  Im'a make buku bucks wearing buku vests Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest but you know who with an "S" tattooed to my chest But I've finessed Now I got the Industry pissy ever since me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on fifty it's funny We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paper-airplanes out of a twenty Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents I'd rather see the president dead It's never been said but I set precedents and the standards and they can't stand it My name should've been bastard the shit should've been plastered on my forehead with a stamp I should've been blasted I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass but I'm too swift and fast for that, I'm past it I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot Fuck that shit I done seen how fast this rap shit can turn into some pap-pap shit that quick snap click but this time they got fucking auto-ma-tic (Jamaican) and no one gon' test this mon Clack  [Chorus] We as a Americans Us as a citizen Gotta protect ourselves Look at how shit has been We better check ourselves Living up in these streets Through worse and through better health Surviving by any means We as Americans Us as a citizen We are Samaritans What do we get us in We better check ourselves Look at how shit has been Take a look where you live This is America And we are Americans  (SSHHH) I got a secret if you can keep it between us I tuck two Nina's under my jeans either side of my penis under my Long Johns under my Sean Johns when running with the long arm of the law I'm long gone Im'a do five years no less than that no questions asked it might be a good idea to stop right here and quit while I'm ahead already in the red already got a steady infrared meant for my head A target on my back bigger problems than that Bin Laden on my ass he probably gone send a task I ain't gone even ask they ain't gone let me pack they ain't gone gimme my semi but I got my Whizz at  We as a Americans Us as a citizen Gotta protect ourselves Look at how shit has been We better check ourselves Living up in these streets Through worse and through better health Surviving by any means We are Americans Us as a citizen We as Samaritans What do we get us in We better check ourselves Look at how shit has been Take a look where you live This is America And we are Americans 
almost famous-Eminem[SEP]I can almost taste it This shit makes no sense to me What does it all mean? I can almost taste it I can almost see it This shit makes no sense to me What does it all mean? I can almost taste it  Yeah, can't stop now. (I can almost taste it.) This may be the last chance I get to be famous. (I just wanna be famous).  You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces You cannot fill these shoes, There is too much to lose. Wake up behind these trenches, You run around defenseless. There is too much to lose, You cannot fill these shoes I just wanna be famous, But be careful what you wish for  I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist They call me Slim Roethlisberger I go berserker than a fed-up post-office worker I murk her with a Mossberg I'm pissed off, get murdered Like someone took a ketchup squirter Squirted a frankfurter For a gangster you sure did shit your pants When you saw the chainsaw get to waving Like a terrible towel How thangs turn around When his fangs come out Get your brains blown out That's what I call blowing your mind When I cum back Like nut on your spine I'm the thumb tack That you slept on, son Now here I come screaming "Attack!" Like I just stepped on one Low on the totem 'til he showed 'em Defiance, giant scrotum He don't owe them bitches shit His britches, he out growed 'em He's so out cold he's knocked out at the South Pole And nobody fucks with him Rigor mortis and post mortem He's dying of boredom Take your best rhymes, record 'em To try to thwart him He'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em Shit-stained drawers You gon' fuck with a guy who licks the blades of his chainsaws While he dips 'em in PF Chang's sauce Game's up, homie, hang it up like some crank calls You think I'm backing down? You must be out of your dang skulls I'm almost famous  You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces You cannot fill these shoes, There is too much to lose. Wake up behind these trenches, You run around defenseless. There is too much to lose, You cannot fill these shoes I just wanna be famous, But be careful what you wish for  I'm back for revenge I lost a battle that ain't happening again I'm at your throat like strep I step, strapped with a pen Metaphors wrote on my hand, Some are just stored in my memory Some I wrote on a napkin I do what I have to to win Pullin' out all stops, any who touch a mic prior's Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Myers And tell that psycho to pass the torch To the whacko 'fore I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern And smash it on his porch Now get off my dick "Dick"'s too short of a word for my dick Get off my antidisestablishmentarianism, you prick Don't call me the champ; call me the space shuttle destroyer I just blew up the Challenger, matter fact I need a lawyer I just laced my gloves with enough plaster To make a cast, beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Verne Troyer Ya'll are Eminem backwards, you're Meni Mes See he's in a whole 'nother weight class He slugs, you're BBs, you're bean-bag bullets You're full of it; you were dissin' his CDs Laughed at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his Wheaties No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E. He's almost famous  You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces You cannot fill these shoes, There is too much to lose. Wake up behind these trenches, You run around defenseless. There is too much to lose, You cannot fill these shoes I just wanna be famous, But be careful what you wish for  Now there he goes in Dre's studio cuppin' his balls Screaming the wood off the panelling And cussing the paint off the walls Spewing his hate to these haters, showing no love for these broads He ain't given 'em shit, he says he'll pinch a penny so hard He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark When it scars, 'til Abraham Lincoln is screaming out, "Awww!" His metaphors and similes ain't similar to them, not at all If they don't like it, they can all get fucked instead of sucking him off They can go get a belt or a neck tie, to hang themselves by Like David Carradine they can go fuck themselves and just die And eat shit while they at it He's fucking had it, he's mad at the whole world So go to hell and build a snowman, girl The bullies become bullied, and pussies get pushed Then they better pull me, take me back to 9th grade to school me 'Cause I ain't looking back, only forward, this whole spot blowing Who could have known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it? And while I'm being poetic let me get historic and raise the bar Higher than my opinion of these women's been lowered So bear witness to some biblical shit As a cold wind blowing This world ain't gonna know what hit it He did it, he made it, he's finally famous 
asshole-Eminem[SEP][Verse 1:] Came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain An asshole, that role think I succeeded fulfillin' But don't think I ever stopped to think that I was speaking to children Everything was happenin' so fast. It was like I blinked, sold 3 million Then it all went blank, all I remember is feelin' ridiculous 'cause I was getting sick of this feelin' Like I'm always under attack, man, I coulda stacked my shit list to the ceilin' Women dishin' but really Thinkin' if anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him Guess I'm a little bit of a hypocrite when I'm rippin' shit. But since when did this many People ever give a shit what I had to say? It's just my opinion If it contradicts how I'm livin' put a dick in your rear-end That's why every time you mention a lyric I thanked you for it, for drawin' more attention toward it 'Cause it gave me an enormous platform, I'm flattered you thought I was that important But you can't ignore the fact that I fought for the respect and battled for it Mad awards, had GLAAD annoyed atta-boy They told me to slow down, I'd just zone-out Good luck tryin' to convince a blonde, it's like telling Gwen Stefani that she sold out 'Cause I was trying to leave No Doubt In anyone's mind one day I'd go down in history think they know now Because everybody knows  [Chorus - Skylar Grey:] Everybody knows, that you're just an asshole Everywhere that you go, people want to go home, everyone knows Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice There's no place you can hide, you are just an asshole Everyone knows, everyone knows Thanks for the support, asshole [2x]  [Verse 2:] Quit actin' salty, I was countin' on you to count me out Ask Asher Roth when he round about dissed me to shout me out Thought I was history, well God damn honky that compliment's like back-handin' a donkey, good way to get your ass socked in the mouth Nah, I'm off him, but what the fuck's all this trash talking about? The fight was fixed, I'm back and you can't stop me you knocked me down I went down for the count, I fell but the fans caught me and now You're gonna have to beat the fuckin' pants off me to take my belt Word to Pacquiao, mama said there ain't nothing else to talk about Better go in that ring and knock 'em out, or you better not come out It's poetry in motion like Freddie Roach when he's quotin' Shake-speare, so what if insults are revoltin' Even Helen Keller knows life stinks You think it's a joke 'till your bullet riddled, but you should give little shit what I think This whole world is a mess, gotta have a goddamn vest on your chest and a Glock just to go watch Batman Who needs to test a testicles? Not that man Half you don't got the guts, intestinal blockage, rest of you got lap bands Stuck to this motto 'fore they put bath salts in all those Water bottles in Colorado, so get lost, Waldo my soul's escaping through this asshole that is gaping A black hole and I'm swallowin' this track whole, better pack toilet paper But I'm takin' no crap hoe, here I go down the Bat Pole and I'm changing back into that ole maniac in fact there they go, tryin' to dip out the back door retreating 'Cause everybody knows  [Chorus]  [Verse 3:] Holy mackerel. I'm the biggest jerk on the planet Earth. I smacked a girl Off the mechanical bull at a tractor pull For thinkin' we had some magnetic pull Then screamed "ICP in this bitch! How do fuckin' magnets work?" 'Cause you're attractive but we ain't attractable, hate to be dramatical but I'm not romantical I'm makin' up words, so you can understandable It's tragical, thinkin' some magical shit's gonna happen, that ain't practical You crackin' a joke? It's laughable 'Cause me and love's like a bad combination I keep them feelings locked in a vault, so it's safe to say I'm uncrackable My heart is truly guarded Full body armor bitch, you just need a helmet 'cause if you think you special, you're retarded Thinkin' you're one of a kind like you got some platinum vagina You're a trainwreck, I got a one-track mind and, shorty, you're fine but you sorta remind me of a 49'er 'Cause you've been a gold digger since you was a miner Been tryin' to hunt me down like a dog 'cause you're on my ass but you can't get a cent 'Cause all of my spare time's spent On my nose in this binder, so don't bother tryin' Only women that I love are my daughters, but sometimes I rhyme And it sounds like I forget I'm a father and I push it farther, so, Father, forgive me if I forget to draw the line It's apparent I shouldn't have been parent I'll never grow up, so to Hell with your parents and 'mother' fuck 'father' time It ain't never gonna stop, a pessimist who transformed to an optimist in his prime So even if I'm half-dead, I'm half alive Poured my half-empty glass in a cup now my cup has runneth over And I'm about to set it on you like a motherfucking coaster I'm goin' back to what got me here, yeah cocky and Can't knock bein' Rudolph, so fear not my deer And dry up your tear drops I'm here White America's mirror, so don't feel awkward or weird If you stare at me and see yourself, 'cause you're one too, shouldn't be a shock be 'Cause everybody knows  [Chorus] 
drop the bomb on 'em-Eminem[SEP][Eminem] Yeah boy, dem better to ring the alarm boy, Dem know what's coming boy,  [Verse 1] Oh my God, fucking Bomboclat I'm hard as Kenard, the little boy who shot Omar in The Wire, Tie a whore up with barbwire, nothing but a bra boy, I'm the real deal, and charbroil her on the bonfire, And Bon Voyage bitch, I'm like Chef Boyar- -dee in this bitch; send a bomb to my moms lawyer Im a problem for ya, boy you think your Tom Sawyer, Til I pull you out the fucking story book and stomp on ya, Fucking fictitional characters and fariytales, Prepare yourself for Captain America on Ferris Wheels, But it aint fiction its fact boy beware its real Them lyrics you wield equals zero to a hero shield Mister fly-by-the-seat-of-his-pants parasail Fall, hit the trampoline, bounce and grab a pair of stilts And I aint wearing zilch, zip, zero, nothing, no nada, Like you fa'da fucking you're ma'da  [Chorus] Drop the bomb on em, Please don't drop the bomb on me, Shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me, Drop the bomb on them, I don't want no doggone beef, See? Aint no reason to sick the dogs on me, Drop the bomb on em, Please don't drop the bomb on me, Shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me, Drop the bomb on em I dont want the dog on me, See? Aint no reason to sick the dogs on me,  [Verse 2] Boy, I'm the real McCoy, You little boys can't even fill voids, Party's over kids, kill the noise, Here come the kill joys, Me and Dre the steel alloys, The rap crown royals, Who scalp cowboys Now how that sound for ya, Yeah boy you know we about to put it down for ya, So kick ya shoes off in the foyer Have a sound voyage, And sayonara see ya fuckers tommorow, Get some R and R and marinate in some marinara, And have a coke and a smile, dont make me open a jar, Whip ass on ya, thats the last straw your hoping to draw, Yeah you fresher than most boy, I'm just doper than all boy, Boy I'm that boy, boy them boys boy them no up to par, I just show up go up to the stage and blow up the spot, There aint no boy who can do what I do boy I'm a star, Boy, I told you boy, I'm a Soldier boy, I'm DeShaun, Holten in this bitch, I'm the Proof boy your a fraud, I'll destroy ya boy, fuck around and blow ya to sod Oh my god boy, you didn't go there, no you did not, I got a whole story board for you, boy your da plot, Your gettin got whether you try to avoid it or not, Apology not accepted boy, Detroit is a rock, We get to beefing, aint no telling at what point it will stop, All I got to do is point to the spot, When the bomb drops boy does it drop, And when it does boy there's a problem,  [Chorus]  [Verse 3] Boy dont jinx yourself, Boy I'm Michael Spinks with the belt, Stringer Bell boy, my name rings bells for itself, I'm sick as hell boy, You better run and tell someone else, Bringing hell, boy singing telegrams will get dealt, And to that boy on them sedative meds Who said he was better, I bet he never seen Freddie in a Black and red little sweater, Back better than ever, The chedder shredder the grater the beef grinder I'll settle vendettas a little later, Giving haters incubators, think ya made a mistake, By saying shady was ghost I aint even close the gate You 'bout one foot in the grave, just stay put and behave, Im bout to turn this fucking place to Beirut in a day So hey wouldn't you say I'm the shit, Couldn't agree with ya more, If you were to say that my fuckin shit doesn't stink, Shady fuckin' Aftermath boy, the ship doesn't sink, It just floats in the fucking water, till we fill up the tank,  [Chorus] 
on fire-Eminem[SEP]Yeah. You know?.. Critics, man Critics never got nothin' nice to say, man You know the one thing I notice about critics, man? Is critics never ask me how my day went Well I'mma tell 'em  Yesterday my dog died, I hog-tied a ho, tied her in a bow Said, "Next time you blog, try to spit a flow." You wanna criticize, dog? Try a little mo' I'm so tired of this I could blow, fire in the hole I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the dro Better hold on a little tighter here I go Flows tighter, hot headed as Ghost Rider Cold-hearted as Spiderman throwing a spider in the snow So you better get lower than Flo-Rida inside of a lowrider with no tires in the hole Why am I like this? Why is winter cold? Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hoes? Listen, dog, Christmas is off, this is as soft as it gets This isn't golf this is a blisterin' assault Those are your wounds this is the salt So get lost Shit dissing me is just like pissing off the Wizard of Oz Wrap a lizard in gauze beat you in the jaws with it Grab the scissors and saws and Cut out your livers gizzards and balls Throw you in the middle of the ocean in the blizzard with Jaws So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers Tickle him, go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog  You're on fire That's how you know you're on a roll 'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold You're on fire Man, I'm so fuckin' sick I got ambulances pulling me over and shit You're on fire You need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit to get the whole Hip-Hop Shop to blow You're on fire, you're on fire  I just put a bullshit hook in between two long-ass verses if you mistook this for a song, look This ain't a song it's a warning to Brooke, Hogan and David Cook That the crook just took over so book Run as fast as you can, stop writing and kill it I'm lightning in a skillet you're a fuckin' flash in a pan I pop up you bitches scatter like hot grease splashing a fan Mr Mathers is the man Yeah I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can Come back and whip your ass with it again Saliva's like sulfuric acid in your hand it'll eat through anything metal the ass of Iron Man Turn him into plastic so for you to think that you could stand a fuckin' chance is asinine Yeah ask Denaun, man Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon Fuck it I ain't playing Pull up in a van and hop out on a homeless man holding a sign saying, "Vietnam vet," I'm out my fuckin' mind, man Kick over the can beat his ass and leave him 9 grand So if I seem a little mean to you this ain't savage you ain't never seen a brute You wanna get graphic we can go the scenic route You couldn't make a bulimic puke on a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut poop Saying you sick quit playing you prick don't nobody care Then why the fuck am I yelling at air I ain't even talking to no one 'cause ain't nobody there Nobody will fuckin' test me 'cause these hos won't even dare I'm wasting punchlines but I got so many to spare I just thought of another one that might go here Naw don't waste it save it psycho yeah Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about Michael's hair  You're on fire That's how you know you're on a roll 'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold You're on fire Man, I'm so hot my motherfuckin' firetruck's on fire, homie You're on fire You need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit to give the whole Hip-Hop Shop to blow You're on fire, you're on fire You're on fire 
searchin'-Eminem[SEP][Women Singing:] Ain't no one special, special like you [4X] I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby [4X]  [Verse 1: Eminem] I'm reminiscing on your tenderness and the snuggling and teasing Missing what I remember, kissing and hugging and squeezing Bugging and weezing, I'm having trouble when breathing It's even tougher when sleeping But there's a couple of reasons that I'm suffering and grieving For loving and leaving, you all I'm thinking of in the evening You got my knees buckling and weakening Thoughts of nothing but freaking that I'm struggling to keep in And interrupt when I'm speaking I got some game that I'm preparing to run The way your lips sparkle and glare in the sun You got your hair in a bun, no matter what you're wearing you stun Cause your comparing to none, I wanna share in the fun I feel a passionate lust when I'm imagining just us alone at last with a touch I see you grasping to trust, but my intentions are good The seed is passing in dust I'm not asking to rush and answer immediately I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me If you agree to repeat after me, I Love You (I love you baby) Cause I just need you to see, how much I'm eager to be Your man legally wed, your love's keeping me fed This is easily said, so you can lead or be led If you care to be down cause ain't nobody Like you no where to be found  [Chorus:] [Women Singing:] I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby [4X]  [Verse 2: Denaun Porter] Baby it's all on you, it's you I call on boo Let's set a day up so you can fall on through We'll take a spin in a Lexus you can chill for dinner and breakfast Long enough to see how this gentleman sex'es We'll start it out with caviar, Don Parigne And then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on We'll take it slow, see nobody will hurry things I got the herbs the Bacardi and Hurricane If Daiquiris are in debate and not your thing that day It's still all right cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray Your an incredible one that's rare, in bed with edible underwear You look impeccable, nothing compares I dream of freaking you, the women that will speak it too so It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do so Now we all set to play, only thing left to say is When you step away, baby but don't forget the Neglicie  [Chorus:] [Women Singing:] I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby [8X] Ain't no one special, special like you [2X] 
same song & dance-Eminem[SEP]Yo... Same song and dance Damn girl, everywhere I go Same song and dance I like the way you move, all over the globe Same song and dance Something about it, man Same song and dance In the pale moonlight Yo...  I'm looking at ya, yeah girl, you're kinda tooken back by The whole rapper thing, aren't ya? Probably thinking you'll get slapped so dang hard, ya Won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya? Couple rape charges, people think you're a monster The police constantly bugging you, non-stop I walk up on ya, "Well, hello Tonya" I think you got your OnStar button inside your car stuck You out of gas? Do you got a flat? I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat I got your back Why don't you put your laundry baskets in the back And sit up front; I'm not asking, it's a trap You just got jacked and body snatched, and it's a wrap In broad day, and no mask for this attack I heard 'em say exact opposites attract If that's a fact, it'll take task force to get you back C'mon  Yeah baby, do that dance It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass That windshield's too strong for you I said, yeah baby, sing that song It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all Look at you bawl, why you crying to me? Same song and dance  The first victim I had, she was a big one Big movie star, a party girl, big fun She was the girl the media always picked on In and out of rehab every 4 to 6 months She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts At Nickelodeon, flashed the little kids once What an event it was, I was sitting in front I was hooked in at the first glimpse of them buns Seen her backstage, now here's where I come in, son Look, here she comes, I better pull out the big guns Hello Lindsay, you're looking a little thin, hun How 'bout a ride to rehab? Get in, cunt But starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want Girl, I'm just kidding, let me start over again, hun See what I meant was, we should have a little intervention Come with me to Brighton, let me relieve your tension You little wench, ya, murder wasn't my intention If I wanted to kill you, it would've already been done Slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her With 66 inches of extension cord  Yeah baby, do that dance It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass That windshield's too strong for you I said, yeah baby, sing that song It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all Look at you bawl, why you crying to me? Same song and dance  My second victim was even bigger than the first Pop star, icon, the whole works She played a little schoolgirl when she first Burst upon the scene and seen that the world was hers She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts It irked me, it made me mad at first I lashed out in my songs, but what was really going on Was that I had developed a crush I just didn't know how to tell it to her Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her? Send her pictures of my collection of skeletons, or Footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk? We'll settle this once and for all, I'ma tell her at dusk Tonight, tonight is the night, and tell her I must Creep up to her mansion in stilettos, and just Climb the gate, and ring the bell, like "Hello, my love" I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up Now would you like to share a pill or two with me? I'll share my Valium with you 'cause I'm feeling you Britney I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one Ever since a schoolgirl juvenile delinquent I've been feeling you, ooh-ooh, girl, you sexy little gal, you Hold that pill any longer, it'll get sentimental value C'mon toots, give me the Valium alley-oop I'll slam dunk it in your mouth 'til you puke And just as soon as you pass out in your alphabet soup I'm 'bout to make a new outfit out of you New outfit? Shit, I'll make a suit out of you, shoot Now, show me how you move, baby, do how a-you do  Yeah baby, do that dance It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass That windshield's too strong for you I said, yeah baby, sing that song It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all Look at you bawl, why you crying to me? Same song and dance  Same kicking and screaming, same crying and sobbing Same song and dance Same begging and pleading, same yelling and bleeding Same song and dance Yeah Same song and dance I know Same song and dance 
ken kaniff (skit)-Eminem[SEP][Ken Kaniff] Call this motherfucker [dial tone] Ohh fuck yeah Give 'im a piece of my mind.... A piece of my ass  [Operator] Thanks for waiting This is [sound dipped] May I help you?  [Ken Kaniff] Oh thank you I need to make a collect call  [Operator] What number?  [Ken Kaniff] Ohhh The number's [sound dipped] 62 [sound dipped]  [Automated Operator] At the tone, please say your name (beep)  [Ken Kaniff] Kennith Kaniff....from Connecticut Automated piece of shit  [phone rings, man answers - presumably supposed to be Eminem]  [Man] Yo [Ken Kaniff] Hey there cockboy [Man] Who's this? [Ken Kaniff] This is Ken Kannif [Man] Who? [Ken Kaniff] Ken Kannif from Connecticut, ya little bitch [Man] From Connecticut? [Ken Kaniff] Yean you wanna get a... [Man] I don't know nobody in Connecticut [Ken Kaniff] You wanna get a hotel room with me? [Man] A hotel room? [Ken Kaniff] Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, EMINEM!? [Man] Ha.. Yo, wh, who is this? Cage? [Ken Kaniff] Hey, pa ha.. You want me ta fuckin melt in your mouth and not in your hand? Melt in your ass, ya little cockboy [Man] He k-k-k-k Yo shut up you little bitch [Ken Kaniff] Oh you think I'm lyin huh? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 
curtains up (encore version)-Eminem[SEP]Still on? Yo, is the mic on? Check, check, check Alright, let's do it Let's go, come on (Eminem, Eminem, Eminem) 
paul rosenberg (skit)-Eminem[SEP]Em, it's Paul. Listen, Joel just called me and he said you're in the fucking back behind his studio, shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range. I told you not to fucking bring your gun around, like an idiot, outside of your home. You're gonna get yourself in trouble. Don't bring your gun outside of your home you can't carry it on you. Leave your fuckin gun at home. 
shady narcotics (eminem intro)-Eminem[SEP]Yeah! God damn! Feels like a long time don't it? Did you miss us? We missed you!  Shady Narcotics It's the Re up! Pussies  And we're back Myself [gunshot] D12 [gunshot] 50 cent [gunshot] Obie Trice [gunshot] Stat Quo [gunshot]  And I would also like to introduce. . . The two newest members of the family One goes by the name of Bobby Creek [gunshot] The other goes by the name of Ca$his [gunshot], from orange county 
just the two of us-Eminem[SEP]Just the two of us.. [8X]  [Eminem] Baby your da-da loves you (hey) And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens You're all I got in this world I would never give you up for nothin Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me I love you  C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!) And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful? Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!) And mama said she wants to show how far she can float And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?  Just the two of us.. [2X] And when we ride! Just the two of us.. [2X] Just you and I! Just the two of us.. [2X] And when we ride! Just the two of us.. [2X] Just you and I!  See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell A place called prison and a place called jail And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah) Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better I'll explain it to ya But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!) I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga? Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter  Just the two of us.. [2X] And when we ride! Just the two of us.. [2X] Just you and I! Just the two of us.. [2X] And when we ride! Just the two of us.. [2X] Just you and I!  Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!) That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!) We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock Ready now, here we go, on the count of free.. One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh) There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order No more step-da-da, no more new brother Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!) Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk  Just the two of us.. [2X] And when we ride! Just the two of us.. [2X] Just you and I! Just the two of us.. [2X] And when we ride! Just the two of us.. [2X] Just you and I!  Just the two of us.. [4X]  [Eminem] Just me and you baby is all we need in this world Just me and you Your da-da will always be there for you Your da-da's always gonna love you Remember that If you ever need me I will always be here for you If you ever need anything, just ASK Da-da will be right there Your da-da loves you I love you baby 
nowhere fast-Eminem[SEP][Kehlani:] Ashes blowing in the air. Our world's on fire, but we don't care. Wasted youth, always on the road, Never looking back and we're never getting old 'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold. Fuck doing what you're told. We're going nowhere fast.  [Eminem:] I feel sorry for this beat. Sympathy pains for this track. This road is taking me back Down memory lane with this rap. I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback. I'm simply stating a fact: I had Wembley Stadium packed.  But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast. Another terrorist attacks Like a tariff blows half of Madison Square up. Alas. We perish in the blast, But that isn't scaring us. We pass nowhere, we're fearless 'Cause we're just  [Kehlani:] Ashes blowing in the air. Our world's on fire, but we don't care. We don't give a… no, no. Wasted youth, always on the road, Never looking back and we're never getting old 'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold. Fuck doing what you're told, what we're told. We're going nowhere fast.  'Cause we're going no—, going no— Going no—, going no—, going no—, Going nowhere. We're on the run of our lives. Going nowhere fast.  [Eminem:] Fuck doing what you're told. Act like a two-year old. Shit is soon to go kaboom and blow anyways. For MCs it's a funeral When I'm devising this rhyme 'Cause I'm awake and you're mourning. That's why I rise and I shine Like a new day has dawned on me.  Gusto, guts, bravado. Nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot. I must have got you in somewhat of a debacle 'Cause some stuff that's awful Really don't mean nothing although There's a lot of shit I said in jest that's tough to swallow.  But if at times my heart it seems like it's in the wrong place. It's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve. Keanu Reeves. Speed of life. Avoid or veer or just steer toward it. We're only looking forward, but Where we're going. We have no idea.  Nowhere to go but hysterical. It's getting warm in here. I set the world on fire. Was born to be an arsonist. Just one spark and it's lit, But I'mma still get dark on this shit. Told you I'd leave my mark on this bitch.  War machine? But you've forced me in a corner I'm sure to have something for your rear And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe. Go to war with me you'll end up blew to Timbuktu. I send at you a ten-ton nuke like Kim Jong-Un And end up ruining your career.  But when all is said and done And at the end of my run I just rewind clocks. Forever young. Make time stop. Will I ever fall off? That day'll never come 'Til the pine box. Bitch, fuck you! I'm better than I ever was.  'Til the bomb drops, hope it never does But I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause This world's screwed, It's already fucked and I'm on top. So everyone's just  [Kehlani:] Ashes blowing in the air. So what? Our world's on fire, but we don't care. We don't give a… no, no. Wasted youth, always on the road, Never looking back and we're never getting old 'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold. Fuck doing what you're told, what we're told. We're going nowhere fast.  'Cause we're going no—, going no— Going no—, going no—, going no—, Going nowhere. We're on the run of our lives. Going nowhere fast.  [Eminem:] You can't tell us nothing. Hard-headed and we're stubborn. So, one ear and out the other. When we're young We're on the run of our lives.  Who knows what the future for us could hold. Another shooter. Uh oh. No more tomorrow's. We're done. And all we are is  [Kehlani:] Ashes blowing in the air. So what? Our world's on fire, but we don't care. We don't give a… no, no. Wasted youth, always on the road, Never looking back and we're never getting old 'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold. Fuck doing what you're told, what we're told. We're going nowhere fast.  'Cause we're going no—, going no— Going no—, going no—, going no—, Going nowhere. We're on the run of our lives. Going nowhere fast. 
i'm shady-Eminem[SEP][Eminem] Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough (huh?) Told you how to slap dicks and murder your girl (I did!) Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, "Fuck the world!" (I'm Slim Shady..) so come and kill me while my name's hot And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot (Ow!) I think I got a generation brainwashed to pop pills and smoke pot til they brains rot (uhh-oh) Stop they blood flow until they veins clot I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch Purple haze and acid raindrops Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp) Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop You gotta make em fear you 'fore you make em feel you So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you  I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin (I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!  [Eminem] I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful (uh-huh huh) I like birds, bees, I like people I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful (hehehe) like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool (Woo!) The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike while I blow my brain out, just to see what it feels like cause this is how I am in real life (mm-hmm) I don't want to just die a normal death, I wanna be killed twice (uh-huh) How you gonna scare somebody with a gun threat when they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet (Huh?) So bring the money by tonight - cause your wife said this the biggest knife she ever saw in her life (Help me! Help me!) I try to keep it positive and play it cool Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school (Stay in school!) Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter  I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin (I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!  [Eminem] Yo.. I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it (Aww that shit is wack!) Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit (What?? That's my shit!) People don't buy shit no more they just dub it That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit (Yup, uh huh) But they love it when you make your business public so fuck it, I've got herpes while we on the subject (uh-huh) And if I told you I had AIDS y'all would play it cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playin when I say it -- Well, I do take pills, don't do speed Don't do crack (uh-uhh) don't do coke, I do smoke weed (uh-huh) Don't do smack, I do do shrooms, do drink beer (yup) I just wanna make a few things clear My baby mama's not dead (uh-uhh) she's still alive and bitchin (yup) And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin It's not syphilis, and as for being AIDS infested I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested  I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin (I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!! (Ha hah-ha, ha! Ha hah, hah..) I told you I was Shady!! (Ha hah-ha, hah-ha! Ha hah, hah-ha, hah-ha, hah-ha) Y'all didn't wanna believe me! I'm Shady!! .. And that's my name 
rain man-Eminem[SEP][Dre (Em)] Yeah (Definitely, definitely, definitely, dope, definitely, definitely K-mart) Yeah, yeah  [Eminem (Dr. Dre):] You find me offensive, I find you offensive For finding me offensive Hence, if I should draw the line on any fences If so to what extent If at any should I go 'Cause it's getting expensive Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive They say I cause extensive Psychological nerve damage to the brain when I go to lengths this, Far at other peoples' expenses I say you're all just too goddamn sensitive It's censorship And it's down right blasphemous Let's end this shit now 'cause I won't stand for this And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either He used to be like a hero to me I even believe I had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator Right next to Darth Vader And Darth must have put a hex on him for later I feel like it's my fault 'cause of the way that I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luthor I killed Superman, I killed Super--man And how ironic, that I'd be the bad guy Kryptonite: The Green Chronic  [Chorus:] 'Cause I ain't got no legs! Or no brain, nice to meet you Hi, my name is... I forgot my name! My aim was not to become what I became with this level of fame My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is.... Rain Man  Now in the Bible it says Thou shalt not watch two lesbians in bed, Have homosexual sex Unless, of course, you were given the consent to join in Then, of course, it's intercourse And it's bi-sexual sex Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions Either before, during or after performing the act of that which Is normally referred to have such, more commonly known phrases That are more used by today's kids In a more derogatory way but Who's to say, what's fair to say, and what not to say? Let's ask Dr. Dre Dr. Dre? (What up?) I gotta question if I may? (Yeah) Is it gay to play Putt-Putt golf with a friend (Yeah) And watch his butt-butt when he tees off? (Yeah) But, up I ain't done yet In football the quarterback yells out hutt-hutt While he reaches in another grown man's ass Grabs on his nuts but just what if It was never meant it was just an accident But he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in His teeny tiny little round hiney and he didn't mean it But his little weenie flinched just a little bit And I don't mean to go in into any more details but What if he pictured it as a females butt? Is that gay? I just need to clear things up 'Til then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because...  [Chorus]  You find me offensive, I find you offensive Shit, this is the same verse I just did this When am I gonna come to my good senses? Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses My spider sense is telling me Spiderman is nearby And my plan is to get him next And open up a whip-ass canister Goddamn it Dre where's the god damn beat? (Yeah) Anyway, anyway I don't know how else to put it This is the only thing that I'm good at I am the bad guy, Kryptonite: The Green Chronic Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it I got it, high five Nick Lachey Stuck a pin in Jessica's head and walked away And as she flew around the room like a balloon I grabbed the last can of chicken tuna Out the trash can and zoom I headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch With a peanut butter, jelly, chicken, tuna sandwich And I ain't even gotta make no god damn sense I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit  [Chorus] Cause IIIAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHAHAHAAA AAAAAHAHHHHHHHHHH Yo, Rain Man Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre super dope beat maker two thousand and Two thousand four hundred and eighty seven million Nine hundred and seventy three thousand four hundred and sixty three And seventy (Yeah) 
em calls paul (skit)-Eminem[SEP]Paul, yo, um So I got your message, I wish you would answer the fuckin' phone Um... ([GPS:] Turn right) No, I don't plan to reply to everybody who fuckin' says something fucked up about me But I will say this, I was reading some comments last night about, like, what people are fuckin' saying about Revival And uhh Yo, this Yahoo mother fucker, whatever the fuck his name is, said I, literally said I rhymed "rhymes" with "chimes" "Sucker free, confidence high Such a breeze when I pen rhymes" ([GPS:] Turn right) Like, you don't understand I'm rhyming the entire fuckin' sentence you fuckin' moron It's my fault 'cause you're fuckin' stupid But I swear to God this motherfucker lives in Michigan and I think I figured out his address And I'm on my way to his fuckin' house right now ([GPS:] Turn left) I'll hit you back later 
get you mad(special edition bonus track)-Eminem[SEP]Yo.. yo! [Eminem hachs up spit] Mic check...(My dick!) Testing...one, two [Eminem hach up spit on mic] Ffff-fuck...(My dick!) my nuts..  My attitude is worse than N.W.A.'s was I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people Who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does (My tattoo!) You see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin, Puffy is good, (Hey!) but Slim Shady is for the children! (Wait!) I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; cause I don't like rap anyway I'm just tryin to get my porno career started Every place and event.. (been there, done that) Shit, dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went [zipper sound] Come on, let's go! Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters Lesson one: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers Lesson two: Face em and diss em (Whattup dog?) Don't give 'em a demo; kidnap 'em (I want you to come with me) And make em come to your basement and listen (you're gonna fuckin check this out) Lesson three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with canibus And put yours on the owner's table (Here listen!) Lesson four: Know you heard this before: "Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow, for sure!" Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed? Get the whitest A&R you can find Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can Lesson five: Get a hook-up at jive Dress up like I.C.P and have them come see you perform live And that's the key, but when you see me on the street; I ain't Givin you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me (Get away from me!) Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin Cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin like master p (Unnnggggh!) Got a blowjob from paula jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth My balls broke both of her collarbones (Oww!) Told mya this shit was all about me-ah (it's all about me..) Gave alyssa milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea (You're a dick!) And all three of my main girls said see-ya Cause brandy and monica walked in and caught me fuckin aaliyah (What? Oh my God!) I splish splash while I'm takin a bath Grab a handful of pills, break em in half, take em and laugh White trash -- fuckin your wife in the ass (Oh! Ooh Shady! Oooh!) While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass  [Chorus] So if I hurt your self-esteem And you get dissed too bad (Yo why you diss me?) You know I just be sayin that to get you mad And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had (A big dick!) You know I just be sayin that to get you mad I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad! You know I just be sayin that to get you mad He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad! (Nurse! nurse!) You know I just be sayin that to get you mad  What a wonderful day; I should go outside and play Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate Hi Renee! (Oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade In your driveway (What?) and drive away [car peels out] Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with aids Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (Mooooo!) Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed cage with (agent orange) And wiped my ass with his page in source (Here!) The demon is here, steamin this year I rip (mystikal's) voicebox out, scream in his ear (Ahhhhhh!) It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it Yeah I don't think this guy is well.. I'm high as hell I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail  [Impersonating Method Man] I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' Lay your nuts on the dresser Just your nutsack by itself And bang them shits with a spiked bat Cut your neck off and sew your head right back And leave you like that  You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than chris-topher Reeves, I was teething with strep throat While your mother was breastfeeding And gave her the flesh-eating disease I'm iller than takin a hammer and beatin your knees And walkin through south central l.a., bleedin in jeans (am I a blood or a crip?) wakin up the next day in breathin machines Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes On how you just got smoked, and if you do live You'll be too scared to tell it, like a biggie and 'pac joke  [Chorus]  I know that makes you real mad, don't it? (Uh-Huh) That's right, Slim shady (Yup) sway & tech Sprayin' wreck (Bitch!) And we don't give a heck (Uh-Uh) Or a damn.. or a fuck.. or a shit So suck my motherfuckin dick 
new york-Sex Pistols[SEP]An immitation from New York You're made in Japan From cheese and chalk You're hipy tarts hero 'cos you put on bad show Oh don't it show  Still oh out on those pills Oh do you remember  Think it is well playing Max's kansas You're looking bored And you're acting flash With nothing in your gut You better keep yer mouth shut You better keep yer mouth shut In a rut  Still oh out on those pills Do the sambo  You four years on You still look the same I think about time You changed your brain You're just a pile of shit You're coming to this Ya poor litlle faggot You're sealed with a kiss Kiss me  Think it's well playing in Japan When everybody knows Japan is a dishpan You're just a pile of shit You're coming to this Ya poor litlle faggot You're sealed with a kiss  Still oh out on those pills Cheap thrills anadins Aspros anything you're condemned To eternal bullshit You're sealed with a kiss Kiss me  A kiss a kiss you're sealed with a kiss A looking for a kiss you're coming to this I wanna kiss anything Oh kiss this gay boy 
i wanna be me-Sex Pistols[SEP]Turn the page and it's The scoop of the century Dont wanna be L seven I had enough of this This is brainwash and this is a clue To the stars who fooled you Tell me why you can't explain You're only looking for vinyl yeah Didn't they fool you they wanna be you  Gimme world war three we can live again You didn't fool me but i fooled you You wanna be me yeah You wanna be me You wanna be someone yeah ruin someone Yeah, Didn't I fool you I ruined you yeah Didn't I fool you I sussed you out  I got you in the camera and I got you in my camera A secund of your life ruined for life You wanna ruin me in your magazine You wanna cover us in the margarine And now is the time to realize To have real eyes  Down down down down And I'll take you down on the underground Down in the dark and down in the crypt Down in the dark where the typewriter fit Down with your pen and pad ready to kill To make me ill Down wanna be someone you wanna be someone Ruin someone Make it as someone you wanna be me ruin me A typewriter god a black and white king PVC blackboard books black and white I wanna be me 
l'anarchie pour le uk-Sex Pistols[SEP][French Version By L. Brennon]  Moi, je suis l'antéchrist Moi, je suis l'anarchiste Je sais pas ce que je veux mais je l'aurais Je vais semer la terreur dans la rue  Car moi, je veux l'anarchie  Anarchie pour l'UK Ca y est presque déjà Je désunile Royaume Uni Avec ses rêves de prisunic!  Oui moi, je veux l'anarchie Le temps de la city, c'est fini  Tout est bon pour y arriver Je prends le meilleur et aussi le reste Je me sers de mes ennemis Je me sers aussi de l'anarchie!  Car moi, je veux l'anarchie Et c'est la seule façon d'être!  Est-ce que c'est le M.P.L.A.? Ou bien encore l'U.D.A.? Ou alors c'est peut-être l'I.R.A.? Moi, je pensais que c'était l'UK Ou un autre pays On a tous nos bidonvilles  Moi, je suis l'anarchie Oui moi, je suis l'anarchie Et vive l'anarchie! Oui moi, je veux être anarchiste Et être saoul, à en crever! 
comes love-Sam Cooke[SEP]Come a rain storm put your rubbers on your feet Comes a snow storm you can get a little heat Comes love nothing can be done Comes a fire then you know just what to do Blow a tire You can buy another shoe Comes love nothing can be done Don’t try hidin? 'Cause there isn’t any use You’ll start slidin? When your heart turns on the juice Comes a headache you can lose it in a day Comes a toothache see the dentist right away Comes love nothing can be done!  Comes a heat wave you can hurry to the shore Comes a summons you can hide behind the door Comes love Nothing can be done Comes the measles you can quarantine the room Comes a mousie you can chase it with a broom Comes love nothing can be done That’s all brother If you’ve ever been in love That’s all brother You know what I’m speaking of! Comes a nightmare you can always stay awake Comes depression you may get another break Comes love nothing can be done! 
summertime-Sam Cooke[SEP](Don't cry) (Don't cry) (Don't cry) (No) (No) (No) (No) (Don't cry) (Don't cry)  It's summertime and the living is easy Fish are jumping and the cotton is high Your daddy's rich and your mama's good looking Hush little baby Don't you cry Don't cry Don't cry Don't cry No No No No Don't cry Don't cry  One of these mornings you're gonna rise up singing You spread your wings and take to the sky But until that morning there is nothing can harm you With your daddy and mommy standing by They are standing by I know Don't cry  Summertime Summertime Summertime and the living is Living is easy Fish are I know the fish are jumping and cotton is so high Your daddy is so So rich and your mama good She had to be good looking So hush little baby Don't you cry Don't you cry No No Don't cry No need to cry Don't cry Don't cry Summertime Summertime 
blue moon-Sam Cooke[SEP]Blue moon, You saw me standing alone Without a dream in my heart Without a love of my own You heard me sing a prayer For someone I really care for  Then suddenly there appeared before me The only one my arms could ever hold Then I heard somebody whisper: „Please adore me!“ and when I looked The moon had turned to gold  Blue moon, now I'm no longer alone Without a dream in my heart Without a love of my own 
jamaica farewell-Sam Cooke[SEP]Down the way where the night are gay And the sun shines dearly on the mountain top I took a trip on a sailing ship And when I reached Jamaica I made a stop  But I’m sad to say I’m on my way I won’t be back for many a day My heart is down, my heart is turning around I had to leave a girl in Kingston Town  Sounds of laughter everywhere And the dancing girls swing to and fro I must declare my love to is there Tough I’ve from Maine to Mexico  But I’m sad to say I’m on my way I won’t be back for many a day My heart is down, my heart is turning around I had to leave a girl in Kingston Town  Down at the market you can hear Ladies crying out while on their heads they bear Ackee rice, salt fish on ice and the rum is fine any time of year  But I’m sad to say I’m on my way I won’t be back for many a day My heart is down, my heart is turning around I had to leave a girl in Kingston Town  But I’m sad to say I’m on my way I won’t be back for many a day My heart is down, my heart is turning around I had to leave a girl in Kingston Town 
so long-Sam Cooke[SEP]so long, so long jee, I hate to see you go you mean the world to me you know you've been mine so long  so long, so long hope we meet again some day if we do I hope you'll say darling, my mind was wrong  all alone with my memories of you I hope you are lonely too you're my own even though we're oh so far apart I shall keep you here in my heart  so long, though you leave me and I cry? this will never be goodbye you've been mine so long  all alone with my memories of you I hope you are lonely too you're my own even though we're oh so far apart I shall keep you here in my heart  so long, though you leave me in a pry? this will never be goodbye you've been mine so long 
nobody knows you when you're down and out-Sam Cooke[SEP]Once I lived the life of a millionaire Spending my money honey, I didn't care Taking my friends out for a mighty good time I drank that good gin, champagne and wine  Just as soon as my money got low I couldn't find no friends And I had no place to go If I ever get my hands on a dollar again, I'm gonna hold on to it till that eagle grins  'Cause I found out that nobody wants you Nobody wants you when they find out That you're down and out In your pocket, there's not not one penny And as for friends, you don't have any  Just let you get back up on your feet again Here they all come telling you Their your old long-lost friend And this I wanna tell you and about it I have no doubt Nobody wants you Nobody needs you Nobody wants when you're down and out 
sugar dumpling-Sam Cooke[SEP]Sugar dumpling, you're  my baby I love you in every way sugar dumpling, you're my baby my love grows stronger every day  yeah sugar dumpling, you're my baby I love you in every way sugar dumpling, you're my baby my love grows stronger every day  listen how I tell you a story a story about my girl and I call hear Sugar dumpling because she's the sweetest things in this world  whenever I'm feeling bad by the way she puts me to bad and she hides two mercys one to hold my hand the other one to rub my hand  Sugar dumpling, you're  my baby I love you in every way sugar dumpling, you're my baby my love grows stronger every day  whenever I tell her honey I'm hungry now go and fix me something to eat the girl rushes in the kitchen and fixes me a dinner with seven different kinds of meat If I call her up at two o'clock in the morning and come over if you can before I hang up to telephone she's sitting beside me with a cup of coffee in her hand  Sugar dumpling, you're  my baby I love you in every way sugar dumpling, you're my baby my love grows stronger every day  Sugar dumpling, I love you in every way Sugar dumpling, my love grows stronger every day 
the house i live in-Sam Cooke[SEP]the house I live in a plot of earth, a street the grocer and the butcher and the people that I meet the children in the playground the faces that I see all races, all religions that's a miracle to me  the place I work in the worker at my side the little town or city where my people lived and died the howdie and the handshake the air of feeling free the right to speak my mind out that's a miracle to me  the things I see about me the big things and the small the little corner newsstand and the howls a mile tall the wedding in the churchyard the laughter and the tears the dream that's been a-growing for a 150 year  the town I live in the street, the house, the room the pavement of the city are a garden all in bloom the church the school the clubhouse the million lights I see but especially the people that's a miracle to me 
running wild-Sam Cooke[SEP]No girl will ever make a fool of me No girl, I mean just what I say I'm not the simpleton I used to be Wonder how I got that way  I'm running wild, I've lost control Running wild, mighty bold Feeling gay, reckless too Every mile all the time, never blue Always going don't go there Always showing I don't care Don't love nobody, it's not worthwhile I'm all alone, running wild [repeat verse] 
there i've said it again-Sam Cooke[SEP](love you, love you) I love you, there’s nothing to hide It’s better than burning inside I love you, no use to pretend There I’ve said it again I’ve said it, what more can I say Believe me, There’s no other way I just love you and will to the end There I’ve said it again  I tried to drum up, A frase that would sum up All that I feel, that I feel for you But what good are frazes The thought that amazes Is you love me and it’s so heavenly Forgive me, for wanting you so There’s one thing I want you to know [?] and that I love you so Heaven knows when There I’ve said it again There I’ve said it again 
mary, mary lou-Sam Cooke[SEP]Mary, Mary Lou Why must you do The things that you always do  Honey, I've been here a-crying Sipping and a-sighing To think it's all because of you  I know the other night you told me You were gonna marry Someone who's in love with you, yeah And the time I used to be your golden rooster But now I can see that we are through  Mary, Mary, Mary Lou What in the world is the matter with you You're always doing me so wrong  Mary, Mary, Mary Lou What in the world is the matter with you And know you want to say so long  Mary, Mary Lou Why must you do Those things that you always do  I can hear a-crying Sipping and a-sighing To think it's all because of you  You were gonna marry Someone who's in love with you, yeah And the time I used to be your golden rooster But now I can see that we are through  Mary, Mary, Mary Lou What in the world is the matter with you You're always doing me so wrong  Mary, Mary, Mary Lou What in the world is the matter with you And knew you want to say so long  Mary, Mary, Mary Lou What in the world is the matter with you Mary, Mary, Mary Lou What in the world is the matter with you 
canadian sunset-Sam Cooke[SEP]Once I was alone So so lonely and then You came out of nowhere Like the sun up from the hills Cold, cold was the wind Warm, so warm, warm were your lips Out there on that ski trail Where your kiss filled me with thrills  A weekend in Canada A change of scene Was the most I bargained for And then I discovered you And in your eyes I found a love I couldn´t ignore Down, down came the sun Fast fast fast beat my heart I knew, when the sunset From that day we´d never part  A weekend in Canada A change of scene Was the most I bargained for And then I discovered you And in your eyes I found a love that I couldn´t ignore  Down, down came the sun Fast fast so fast fast beat my heart I knew, when the suns et From that day we´d never part we´d never part, we´d never part 
today i sing the blues-Sam Cooke[SEP]Without a warning the blues walked in this morning And circled round my lonely room I didn't know why I had that sad and lonely feeling 'till my baby called and said it's through Yesterday I sang a love song but today I sing the blues  I know the explanation but that's no constellation No matter how your love you can lose and since I lost I rather walk around and worry I guess I've walked the darkest avenue  Yesterday I sang a love song but today I sing the blues Now it strikes me kind of funny how life can be this way We were lovers last night honey but not in love today Now it strikes me kind of funny how faith can be unfair it seems that I'm the one to lose in every love affair Yes it must be written for me That I should be the one to always lose Yesterday I sang a love song but today I sing the blues  Now it strikes me kind of funny how life can be this way We were lovers last night honey but not in love today Now it strikes me kind of funny how faith can be unfair it seems that I'm the one to lose in every love affair Yes it must be written for me That I should be the one to always lose Yesterday I sang a love song but today I sing the blues 
exactly like you-Sam Cooke[SEP]I know why I waited know why I've been blue I've been praying for someone, baby exactly like you why should we spend money, on a show or two while no one does those love scenes, baby exactly like you  you make me feel so grand I wanna give this world to you you seem to understand each foolish little dream I'm dreaming and the schemes I'm scheming  now I know why mother taught me to be true she meant me for someone, baby exactly like you  just like you, baby, oh just like you mother meant me for someone exactly like you  I know why I waited know why I been blue I've been waiting for someone, baby exactly like you why should we spend money on a show or two while no one does those love scenes, baby exactly like you  you make me feel so grand I wanna give this world to you you seem to understand each foolish little dream I'm dreaming and the schemes I'm scheming now I know why mother taught me to be true she meant me for someone exactly like you  just like you, baby, just like you mother meant me for someone exactly like you just like you, baby, pretty just like you mother meant me for someone exactly like you 
you, you, you-Sam Cooke[SEP]You, you. you I'm in love with you, you, you I could be so true, true, true to someone like you, you, you  Do, do, do what you ought to do, do, do take me in your arms please do let me cling to you, you, you  we were meant for each other sure as heaven is above To have, to hold and to love You, you, you  There's no one like you, you, you you could make my dreams come true if you say you love me too  Do, do, do what you ought to do, do, do take me in your arms please do let me cling to you, you, you  we were meant for each other sure as heaven is above To have, to hold and to love You, you, you  There's no one like you, you, you you could make my dreams come true if you say you love me too  you, you, you I'm in love with you 
the lonesome road-Sam Cooke[SEP]look down, look down that lonesome road before you travel on look up, look up and see you maker for Gabriel blows his horn  I get weary toting such a load traveling down that lonesome road look down, look down that lonesome road before you travel on look down, look down that lonesome road before you travel on  look up, look up and see you maker for Gabriel blows his horn  I get weary toting such a load traveling down that lonesome road look down, look down that lonesome road before you travel on look down, look down that lonesome road before you travel on 
chain gang-Sam Cooke[SEP](Hoh! Ah!) I hear something saying (Hoh! Ah!)  (Hoh! Ah!)(Well don't you know) That's the sound of the men, Working on the chain, ga-ang That's the sound of the men, Working on the chain, gang  All day long they're singing (Hoh! Ah!)  (Well don't you know) That's the sound of the men, Working on the chain, ga-ang That's the sound of the men, Working on the chain, gang  All day long they work so hard till the sun is going down Working on the highways and byways and wearing, wearing a frown You hear they moaning their lives away Then you hear somebody say  That's the sound of the men, Working on the chain, ga-ang That's the sound of the men, Working on the chain, gang  Can't you hear them singing, mmm (Hoh! Ah!) I'm going home one of these days I'm going home, see my woman Whom I love so dear But meanwhile I gotta work right here  (Well don't you know) That's the sound of the men, Working on the chain, ga-ang That's the sound of the men, Working on the chain, gang  All day long they're singing, mmm (Hoh! Ah!) My work is so hard Give me water I'm thirsty, my work is so hard Woah ooo My work is so hard 
the song is ended-Sam Cooke[SEP]The song is ended But the melody lingers on you and the sun are gone but the melody lingers on  The night was splendid and the melody seemed to say O, summer will pass away Take your happiness while you may There beneath the light of the moon We sang a love song that ended too soon The moon descended and I found at the break of dawn That you and the sun are gone but the melody lingers on but the melody lingers on That you and the sun are gone but the melody lingers on  The night was splendid and the melody seemed to say O, summer will pass away Take your happiness while you may There beneath the light of the moon We sang a love song that ended too soon The moon descended and I found at the break of dawn That you and the sun are gone but the melody lingers on 
the great pretender-Sam Cooke[SEP]oh yes, I'm the Great pretender pretending I'm doing well my need is such I pretend too much I'm lonely but no one can tell  oh yes, I'm  the Great pretender Adrift in a world of my own I play the game but to my real shame You've left me to dream all alone  Too real is this feeling of make-belief Too real when I feel what my heart can conceal oh yes, I'm the Great pretender just laughing and gay like a clown I seem to be what I'm not, you see I'm wearing my heart like a crown Pretending that you're still around  Too real is this feeling of make-belief Too real when I feel what my heart can conceal oh yes, I'm the Great pretender just laughing and gay like a clown I seem to be what I'm not, you see I'm wearing my heart like a crown Pretending that you're still around 
crazy in love with you-Sam Cooke[SEP]I say I'll move the mountains and I'll move the mountains if she wants them out of the way crazy she calls me sure I'm crazy crazy in love I say  I say I'll go through fire and I'll go through fire as she wants it so it shall be crazy she calls me sure I'm crazy crazy in love you see  like the winds shakes the bows she moves me with a smile the difficult I'll do right now the impossible will take a little while I say I care forever and I care forever If I have to hold up the sky crazy she calls me sure I'm crazy crazy in love am I  [background singers] I say I care forever and I'll care forever If I have to hold up the sky  crazy she calls me sure I'm crazy crazy in love am I 
far away places-Sam Cooke[SEP]Far away places with strange sounding names Far away over the sea Those far away places with strange sounding names Are calling, calling me  Goin' to China, or maybe Siam I wanna see for myself Those far away places I've been reading about In a book that I took from a shelf  I start getting restless whenever I hear The whistle of a train I pray for the day I can get underway And look for those castles in Spain  They call me a dreamer well maybe I am But I know that I'm burning to see Those for away places with strange sounding names Calling, calling me  Calling, calling me 
wonderful world-Sam Cooke[SEP]Don't know much about history Don't know much biology Don't know much about a science book Don't know much about the French I took  But I do know that I love you And I know that if you love me, too What a wonderful world this would be  Don't know much about geography Don't know much trigonometry Don't know much about algebra Don't know what a slide rule is for  But I do know one and one is two And if this one could be with you What a wonderful world this would be  Now, I don't claim to be an A student But I'm trying to be For maybe by being an A student, baby I can win your love for me  Don't know much about history Don't know much biology Don't know much about a science book Don't know much about the French I took  But I do know that I love you And I know that if you love me, too What a wonderful world this would be  La ta ta ta ta ta ta (History) Hmm-mm-mm (Biology) La ta ta ta ta ta ta (Science book) Hmm-mm-mm (French I took)  Yeah, but I do know that I love you And I know that if you love me, too What a wonderful world this would be 
hey there-Sam Cooke[SEP]Hey there, you with the stars in your eyes Love never made a fool of you You used to be too, yes, Hey there You on that high-flying cloud  Tough she won't throw a crumb at you You think someday she'll come to you Better forget her her with her nose in the air She has you dancing on a string Break it and she won't care  Hey there, won't you take this advice I hand you like a brother Or are you not seeing things to clear Are you too much in love to hear Is it all going in one ear and out the other hmm and out the other, in one ear and out the other  won't you take this advice I hand you like a brother Or are you not seeing things to clear Are you too much in love to hear Is it all going in one ear and out the other hmm and out the other, in one ear and out the other 
i cover the waterfront-Sam Cooke[SEP]I cover the waterfront I’m watching to see Will the one I love, soon come back to me  I cover the waterfront I search of my love And I’m guided by the starlit sky above  Here am I, patiently waiting Hoping and longing O, how I yearn Where are you, are you forgetting Do you remember, will you return  I cover the waterfront I’m watching to see Will the one I love, soon come back to me  I cover the waterfront I’m watching to see Will the one I love, soon come back to me  I cover the waterfront I search of my love And I’m guided by the starlit sky above  Here am I, patiently waiting Hoping and longing O, how I yearn Where are you, are you forgetting Do you remember, will you return  I cover the waterfront I’m watching to see Will the one I love, soon come back to me  Here am I, patiently waiting Hoping and longing O, how I yearn Where are you, are you forgetting Do you remember, will you return  I cover the waterfront 
you send me-Sam Cooke[SEP]Darling, you send me I know you send me Darling, you send me Honest you do, honest you do Honest you do, whoa  You thrill me I know you, you, you thrill me Darling you, you, you, you thrill me Honest you do  At first I thought it was infatuation But wooh, it's lasted so long Now I find myself wanting To marry you and take you home, woah  You, you, you, you send me I know you send me I know you send me Honest you do  Whoa, whenever I'm with you I know, I know, I know when I'm near you Mmm hmm, mmm hmm, honest you do, honest you do Whoa, I know  I know, I know, I know, when you hold me Whoa, whenever you kiss me Mmm hmm, mmm hmm, honest you do  At first I thought it was infatuation But wooh, it's lasted so long Now I find myself wanting To marry you and take you home  I know, I know, I know, you send me I know you send me Whoa, you you you you send me Honest you do 
that's heaven to me-Sam Cooke[SEP]The things that I see As I walk along the streets That's heaven to me  A little flower that blooms in May A lovely sunset at the end of a day Someone helping a stranger along the way (That's heaven to me) That's heaven to me  The feeling I have when I hear a touching prayer It makes me know, the Lord is somewhere Even the birds flying around in the air (That's heaven to me) That's heaven to me, no  It doesn't have to be a miracle In order for me to see, I know The goodness of my, my Savior Is everywhere to me, woah, woah, woah  Even the children playing in the street Sing a friendly hello to everyone that they meet Even the leaves blowing out, blowing out Blowing out, blowing out on the tree (That's heaven to me) That's heaven to me, woah, woah  Woah woah, woah woah, woah Lord 
bad moon rising-Creedence Clearwater Revival[SEP]I see the bad moon a-rising I see trouble on the way I see earthquakes and lightning I see bad times today  Don't go around tonight Well, it's bound to take your life There's a bad moon on the rise  I hear hurricanes a-blowing I know the end is coming soon I fear rivers overflowing I hear the voice of rage and ruin  Don't go around tonight Well, it's bound to take your life There's a bad moon on the rise  All right  Hope you got your things together Hope you are quite prepared to die Looks like we're in for nasty weather One eye is taken for an eye  Well, don't go around tonight Well, it's bound to take your life There's a bad moon on the rise  Don't go around tonight Well, it's bound to take your life There's a bad moon on the rise 
i put a spell on you-Creedence Clearwater Revival[SEP]I put a spell on you Because you're mine You better stop The things that you're doin' I said "Watch out! I ain't lyin', yeah!  I ain't gonna take none of your Foolin' around I ain't gonna take none of your Puttin' me down I put a spell on you Because you're mine  All right! 
the night time is the right time-Creedence Clearwater Revival[SEP]You know the night time, oh, is the right time To be with the one you love. I said the night time, ooh, is the right time To be with the one you love. I said the night time, ooh, is the right time To be with the one you love. Baby, I said a baby, baby, come on and drive me crazy, Lord, You know I love you; always thinkin' of you. Hey, baby; oh, I said a baby. You know the night time is the right time To be with the one you love. Aaaah!  I said the night time oh, is the right time To be with the one you love. I said the night time, ooh, is the right time To be with the one you love. I said the night time oh, is the right time To be with the one you love. 
good golly, miss molly-Creedence Clearwater Revival[SEP]Good golly, miss Molly, Sure like to ball. Good golly, miss Molly, Sure like to ball. When you're rockin' and a rollin' Can't hear your momma call.  From the early early mornin' till the early early night You can see miss Molly rockin' at the house of blue light.  Good golly, miss Molly, Sure like to ball. When you're rockin' and a rollin' Can't hear your momma call.  Well, now momma, poppa told me: "Son, you better watch your step." If I knew my momma, poppa, have to watch my dad myself.  Good golly, miss Molly, Sure like to ball. When you're rockin' and a rollin' Can't hear your momma call.  I am going to the corner, gonna buy a diamond ring. Would you pardon me if it's a nineteen carat golden thing.  Good golly, miss Molly, Sure like to ball. When you're rockin' and a rollin' Can't hear your momma call.  Good golly, miss Molly, Sure like to ball. Good golly, miss Molly, Sure like to ball. When you're rockin' and a rollin' Can't hear your momma call. 
sail away-Creedence Clearwater Revival[SEP]Lock the door, sun's a fallin'. Poke the fire, don't let the cold in. Gonna try to sail away from the rest of my life.  Found a boat to make the break in. Filled with hope 'bout the step I'm takin'. Gonna try to sail away from the rest of my life.  Spent a long time list'ning to the captain of the sea, Shoutin' orders to his crew; No one hears but me.  Cast away, tide's a runnin' Hoist the sail, strong wind's comin'. Gonna try to sail away from the rest of my life.  Spent a long time list'ning to the captain of the sea, Shoutin' orders to his crew; No one hears but me.  Lock the door, sun's a fallin'. Poke the fire, don't let the cold in. Gonna try to sail away from the rest of my life. Gonna try to sail away from the rest of my life 
cotton fields-Creedence Clearwater Revival[SEP][Chorus 1:] When I was a little bitty baby My mama would rock me in the cradle, In them old cotton fields back home;  [Chorus 2:] It was down in Louisiana, Just about a mile from Texarkana, In them old cotton fields back home.  [Chorus 3:] Oh, when them cotton bolls get rotten You can't pick very much cotton, In them old cotton fields back home.  [Chorus 2] [Chorus 1] [Chorus 2] [Chorus 3] [Chorus 2] [Chorus 1] [Chorus 2] 
suzie q-Creedence Clearwater Revival[SEP]Oh, Susie Q, Oh, Susie Q Oh, Susie Q, Baby I love you, Susie Q I like the way you walk I like the way you talk I like the way you walk I like the way you talk, Susie Q  Well, say that you'll be true well, say that you'll be true, Well, say that you'll be true and never leave me blue, Susie Q  Well, say that you'll be mine well, say that you'll be mine, Well, say that you'll be mine, baby all the time, Susie Q  Oh Susie Q, Oh Susie Q Oh Susie Q, Baby I love you, Susie Q  I like the way you walk I like the way you talk I like the way you walk I like the way you talk, Susie Q.  Oh Susie Q, Oh susie Q Oh Susie Q, Baby I love you, Susie Q 
wrote a song for everyone-Creedence Clearwater Revival[SEP]Met myself a comin' county welfare line. I was feelin' strung out, Hung out on the line. Saw myself a goin', down to war in June. All I want, All I want is to write myself a tune.  [Chorus:] Wrote a song for ev'ryone, Wrote a song for truth. Wrote a song for ev'ryone And I couldn't even talk to you.  Got myself arrested, Wound me up in jail. Richmond 'bout to blow up, communication failed. If you see the answer, now's the time to say. All I want, All I want is to get you down to pray.  [Chorus]  [Chorus]  Saw the people standin' thousand years in chains. Somebody said it's diff'rent now, look, it's just the same. Pharoahs spin the message, round and round the truth. They could have saved a million people, How can I tell you?  [Chorus] [Chorus] [Chorus] 
need someone to hold-Creedence Clearwater Revival[SEP]The sun came up and pushed away the clouds. Stumbled back to my room, really don't know how. I won't wake up 'til this afternoon, Been out walkin' all night again. Stranger here try'n' to have fun. Far from home; it's just begun.  [CHORUS:] Give out the warm, it comes back cold. Oh, God, I need someone to hold.  The coffee's cold, it's gonna have to do. My feet are shot, feelin' hungry too. People don't have a thing to say. Feel your dignity slip away. Won't wake up 'til this afternoon. Waste of time 'cause there's nothing new. 
50 ways to leave your lover-Paul Simon[SEP]"The problem is all inside your head" She said to me "The answer is easy if you Take it logically I'd like to help you in your struggle To be free There must be fifty ways To leave your lover"  She said, "It's really not my habit to intrude Furthermore, I hope my meaning Won't be lost or misconstrued But I'll repeat myself At the risk of being crude There must be fifty ways To leave your lover Fifty ways to leave your lover"  You just slip out the back, Jack Make a new plan, Stan You don't need to be coy, Roy Just get yourself free Hop on the bus, Gus You don't need to discuss much Just drop off the key, Lee And get yourself free  Ooh, slip out the back, Jack Make a new plan, Stan You don't need to be coy, Roy Just listen to me Hop on the bus, Gus You don't need to discuss much Just drop off the key, Lee And get yourself free  She said, "It grieves me so To see you in such pain I wish there was something I could do To make you smile again" I said, "I appreciate that And would you please explain About the fifty ways?"  She said, "Why don't we both Just sleep on it tonight And I believe in the morning You'll begin to see the light" And then she kissed me And I realized she probably was right There must be fifty ways To leave your lover Fifty ways to leave your lover  You just slip out the back, Jack Make a new plan, Stan You don't need to be coy, Roy Just get yourself free Hop on the bus, Gus You don't need to discuss much Just drop off the key, Lee And get yourself free  Slip out the back, Jack Make a new plan, Stan You don't need to be coy, Roy Just listen to me Hop on the bus, Gus You don't need to discuss much Just drop off the key, Lee And get yourself free 
need you tonight-INXS[SEP]All you got is this moment Twenty-first century's yesterday You can care all you want Everybody does yeah that's okay  So slide over here And give me a moment Your moves are so raw I've got to let you know I've got to let you know You're one of my kind  I need you tonight 'Cause I'm not sleeping There's something about you girl That makes me sweat  How do you feel I'm lonely What do you think Can't think at all Whatcha gonna do Gonna live my life  So slide over here And give me a moment Your moves are so raw I've got to let you know I've got to let you know You're one of my kind  I need you tonight 'Cause I'm not sleeping There's something about you girl That makes me sweat  So how do you feel I'm lonely What do you think Can't think at all Whatcha gonna do Gonna live my life  So how do you feel I'm lonely What do you think Can't think at all Whatcha gonna do Gonna live my life  So slide over here And give me a moment Your moves are so raw I've got to let you know I've got to let you know  So slide over here And give me a moment I've got to let you know I've got to let you know  You're one of my kind 
angel of mine-Monica[SEP]When I first saw you I already knew There was something inside of you Something I thought that I would never find Angel of mine  I look at you, lookin' at me Now I know why they say the best things are free I'm gonna love you boy you are so fine Angel of Mine  How you changed my world you'll never know I'm different now, you helped me grow You came into my life sent from above When I lost all hope you showed me love I'm checkin' for ya boy you're right on time Angel of Mine  Nothing means more to me than what we share No one in this whole world can ever compare Last night the way you moved is still on my mind Angel of Mine  What you mean to me you'll never know Deep inside I need to show You came into my life sent from above (Sent from above) When I lost all hope, you showed me love (Boy you showed me love) I'm checkin' for ya, boy you're right on time (Right on Time) Angel of Mine (Angel of mine)  I never knew I could feel each moment As if it were new, Every breath that I take, the love that we make I only share it with you (you, you, you,you) When I first saw you I already knew There was something inside of you Something I thought that I would never find Angel of Mine  You came into my life sent from above (Came into my life, yeah yeah yeah) When I lost all hope you showed me love (Boy You showed me love, uh huh) I'm checkin' for ya, boy you're right on time (But boy your right on time) Angel of Mine (Angel of mine, oh mine)  How you changed my world you'll never know I'm different now, you helped me grow  I look at you lookin' at me Now I know why they say the best things are free I'm checkin' for ya, boy you're right on time Angel of Mine 
blood stained-Judas Priest[SEP][Tipton/Downing]  Atrocities Made every day Religiously  Their sins They hide Can never disguise Blood stained hands Blood stained times Blood stained deeds Blood stained lies  They wage their wars Such profiteers Will nail us all  Their crimes Concealed Despicably reveal  Blood stained hands Blood stained times Blood stained weapons Blood stained lies  They fire at will Intent to kill They have no conscience They have no conscience Ethnic cleansing nothing more! Blood of nations blood of war  Turn blind eyes From all your crimes You bare our souls Show no remorse You cannot wash The bloodstains off  They turn their backs While others Commit grisly acts  We're scared For life By politicians' greedy  Blood stained hands Blood stained times Blood stained weapons Blood stained crimes Blood stained lands Blood stained minds Blood stained deeds Blood stained lies  And while such predators Stalk this earth Disguised as saints They kill our faith  Obsessed by greed Lying through their teeth They cannot wash The blood stains off 
hard as iron-Judas Priest[SEP][Tipton/Halford/Downing]  Whipcrack, stings the sky Don't mess with me I'm danger The meanest one alive  Earthquake, breaks the Richter scale The more that you resist The more the pain you'll feel  I'm blazing on to glory There's thunder in my veins And nothing stands before me Forever I'll remain  Hard as iron Sharp as steel Stop for no man You better beg and kneel  Untouched, cold as ice I'll turn your blood to water Strangle in my vice  Shock waves, bones to dust You're messin' with a mine field so expect the worst  I'm blazing on to glory There's thunder in my veins And nothing stands before me Forever I'll remain  Hard as iron Sharp as steel Stop for no man You better beg and kneel  As I destroy, last thing you'll hear me cry, is victory, is victory  I'm blazing on to glory There's thunder in my veins And nothing stands before me Forever I'll remain  Hard as iron Sharp as steel Stop for no man You better beg and kneel 
screaming for vengeance-Judas Priest[SEP]Hey listen don't you let them get your mind Fill your brain with orders and that's not right. They're playing at a game that draws you closer Till you're living in a world that's ruled by fear. Always takin' baby out that's o.k. What they're givin' maybe it's out of phase with me. Told you one you're never gonna win the race Same old no tomorrow kicked in the face. We are screaming, screaming for vengeance The world is a manacled place.  Screaming, screaming for vengeance The world is defiled in disgrace. Tie a blindfold all around your head Spin you 'round in the torture before the dread. And then you're pushed and shoved into every corner Then they lead you out into the final slaughter.  As the sweat is runnin' down your neck All your praying for's to stop your body breakin' up. Oh your heart is pumpin' gonna soon explode Got to fight the horror of this mental load.  So you wait it out and bide your time Rip off that straight jacket gotta break that line. Everyone who wins in the great escape Leaves a thousand more who suffer in their wake.  I don't talk about it but that's alright Table's turned now there's a revenge in sight. If it takes forever babe I tell ya I can wait Send them screaming back through their hell's own gate. 
the green manalishi (with the two-pronged crown)-Judas Priest[SEP][Peter Green]  Now when the day goes to sleep and the full moon looks And the night is so black that the darkness cooks And you come creeping around, making me do things I don't want to do  I can't believe that you need my love so bad You come sneaking around, trying to drive me mad Busting in all my dreams, making me see things I don't want to see  'Cause you're the Green Manalishi with the two-pronged crown All night dragging us up, or you're bringing us down Just taking my love, and slip away Leaving me here, trying to keep from following you 
metal messiah-Judas Priest[SEP][G. Tipton, C. Tsangarides]  Unholy Satan begs He don't make no sense Striving down there to Recruit all of you Do not live in sin Or taste the fear again Someone's coming back Fuck the almanacs  Premonition say Better step away Skeptics preach a lot Watch in aftershock Heed the prophecies In your offices Someone out the blue Explodes into view  The time is near The day has dawned Be prepared For what's to come  He's the man Armageddon Walking through fire Metal Messiah He's the one The father, the son Creator destroyer Metal Messiah  Heaven's in a state Someone's at the gate Crashing isn't cool He don't know the rules Stepping in he says Time to rock the place Like they've got a choice Then all Hell breaks loose  Hell ain't ready for What he's got in store Time you fuckers had Change of management Better fornicate Before it's too late Cranks the power up As he detonates  Never too late To extricate In the event Die or repent  He's the man Armageddon Walking through fire Metal Messiah He's the one The father, the son Creator destroyer Metal Messiah  You can pray to him Auditorium Buy the merchandise Cheap at twice the price Rising up above With his decibels He's come down to earth Next the universe  The time is near The day has dawned Be prepared For what's to come  Never too late To extricate In the event Die or repent  Metal Messiah Thy kingdom come They will be done 
fire burns below(bonus track)-Judas Priest[SEP]Stand and face each other Don't know what to say But that look in your eyes Give it all away  You say you've got these feelings You can't put into words But you don't have to say a thing 'Cause I've already heard  Give me one good reason Why this has to be That's all I'm asking for  Don't say that it's over When you and I both know You can't put out this love The fire burns below  We've been through so much together We've laughed and we've sometimes cried To say our love ain't working - well we Haven't really tried  But why let's talk things over Love can't be bought and sold One more night together's what the future holds What the future holds  Well give me one good reason Why this has to be I said that's all I'm asking for Can't you see I said  You can't put out the fire down below 
monsters of rock-Judas Priest[SEP][Tipton/Halford/Downing]  It started many years ago, out of the black country The seed became the embryo, for all on earth to see Like stealth the word spread mouth to mouth, all corners of the land And soon the thing began to grow, and get right out of hand  From the concrete jungle The smoke, the dirt, the grime Could not contain the hunger It grew and grew in time, into a  Monster, Monster of rock They could never bind it It vowed to reach the top Monster, Monster of rock They could never bind it Impossible to stop  Took the sound across the seas, the people stood in awe At last the sound had come to them That they'd been waiting for  And millions roared, and millions cheered This spectacle on stage And everyone went crazy as it bellowed out in rage  From the concrete jungle The smoke, the dirt, the grime Could not contain the hunger It grew and grew in time, into a  Monster, Monster of rock They could never bind it It vowed to reach the top Monster, Monster of rock They could never bind it Impossible to stop  From the concrete jungle The smoke, the dirt, the grime Could not contain the hunger It grew and grew in time, into a  Monster, Monster of rock They could never bind it It vowed to reach the top Monster, Monster of rock They could never bind it Impossible to stop 
freewheel burning-Judas Priest[SEP]Fast and furious we ride the universe To carve a road for us that slices every curve in sight We accelerate, no time to hesitate This load will detonate whoever would contend its right  Born to lead At breakneck speed With high octane We're spitting flames Freewheel burning Freewheel burning  On we catapult, we're thrusting to the hilt Unearthing every fault, go headlong into any dare We don't accept defeat, we never will retreat We blaze with scorching heat, obliterations everywhere  Born to lead At breakneck speed With high octane We're spitting flames Freewheel burning Freewheel burning  Look before you leap has never been the way we keep Our road is free Charging to the top and never give in Never stops the Way to be Hold on to the lead with all your will and concede You'll find there's life with victory on high  Look before you leap has never been the way we keep Our road is free Charging to the top and never give in Never stops the Way to be Hold on to the lead with all your will and concede You'll find there's life with victory With victory on high  Freewheel burning [x8] 
desert plains (live)(bonus track)-Judas Priest[SEP]Full moon is rising The sky is black I need your call I'm coming back The road is straight cast Wind's in my eyes The engine roars between my thighs  From desert plains I bring you love From desert plains I bring you love  Wild mountain thunder Echoes my quest My body aches but I'll not rest Quartz light to guide me Till sunrise leads My passion screams, my heart it bleeds  From desert plains I bring you love From desert plains I bring you love  Then in the distance I see you stand On the horizon you raise your hand In burning rubber I end my quest You fall into my arms at last  From desert plains I bring you love From desert plains I bring you love 
some heads are gonna roll-Judas Priest[SEP]You can look to the left and look to the right But you will live in danger tonight When the enemy comes he will never be heard He'll blow your mind and not say a word Blinding lights-flashing colors Sleepless nights... If the man with the power Can't keep it under control  Some heads are gonna roll Some heads are gonna roll Some heads are gonna roll Some heads are gonna roll  The power-mad freaks who are ruling the earth Will show how little they think you're worth With animal lust they'll devour your life And slice your word to bits like a knife One last day burning hell fire You're blown away... If the man with the power Can't keep it under control  Some heads are gonna roll Some heads are gonna roll Some heads are gonna roll Some heads are gonna roll  Know what it's like When you're taken for granted There goes your life It's so underhanded  And the man with the power Can't keep it under control  Some heads are gonna roll Some heads are gonna roll Some heads are gonna roll Some heads are gonna roll No! No! ... 
love you to death-Judas Priest[SEP][Tipton/Halford/Downing]  You get me up, then we both get down We roll all night makin' heavy sounds I'm all tied up on your bed I'd rather be inside your head  Don't do this, do it like that oh yeah You've hit the spot, give it all you got I don't care  I'll teach you a lesson That you won't forget Why don't you save your breath 'Cause I'm gonna love ya' to death  I'm comin' to the point, I can't hold back Then you ease off with your attack You're the best I've had if you please You never stop, you great big tease  Don't do this, do it like that oh yeah You've hit the spot, give it all you got I don't care  I'll teach you a lesson That you won't forget Why don't you save your breath 'Cause I'm gonna love ya' to death  You can take me places, I thought I'd never go And when you turn your love on me Baby you're the star of the show  You can take me places, I thought I'd never go And when you turn your love on me Baby you're the star of the show  I'll teach you a lesson That you won't forget Why don't you save your breath 'Cause I'm gonna love ya' to death 
riding on the wind (live)(bonus track)-Judas Priest[SEP]Shooting for the stars Cruise the speed of light Glowin god of Mars Body burning bright  Well I'm ridin', ridin' on the wind Yes I'm ridin', ridin' on the wind  Tearing up through life Million miles an hour Blinding all in sight Surging rush of power  Well I'm ridin', ridin' on the wind Yes I'm ridin', ridin' on the wind  Ridin' on the wind! Ridin' on the wind! Ridin' on the wind! RIDING ON THE WIND!  Thunderbolt from hell Shattering aloud Screamin' demons yell Bursting through the clouds  Well I'm ridin', ridin' on the wind Yes I'm ridin', ridin' on the wind 
sinner-Judas Priest[SEP][Tipton/Halford]  Sinner rider, rides in with the storm The devil rides beside him The devil is his god, God help you mourn Do you, do you hear it, do you hear the thunder Deafen every living thing about Can you, can you see it, can you See the mountains darken yonder Black sun rising, time is running out  Sacrifice to vice or die by the hand of the Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner!  His steed of fury Eyes of fire and mane ablaze Demonic vultures stalking Drawn by the smell of war and pain He roams the starways Searching for the carcasses of war But if it's hungry then it's very presence Disrupts the calm into the storm  Curse and damn you all you'll fall by the hand of the Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner!  God of the Devils, God of the Devils Won't you help them pray God of the Devils, God of the Devils Is there no other way  Can't you hear their souls calling out in their plight Can't you see their blood is boiling setting them alight  [SOLO (Glenn/K.K.)]  Thirty years now sleeping, so sound War raises its head, and looks slowly around The Sinner is near, sensing the fear And the beast will start moving around  Can't you see their souls calling out in their brain Can't you hear their blood is boiling setting them alight  [SOLO (Glenn/both)]  ...Sinner, Sinner, Sinner, Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner!  Sacrifice to vice or die by the hand of the Curse and damn you all you fall by the hand of the Sinner! 
turbo lover-Judas Priest[SEP][Tipton/Halford/Downing]  You won't hear me, but you'll feel me Without warning, something's dawning, listen Then within your senses You'll know you're defenseless How your heart beats, when you run for cover You can't retreat, I spy like no other  Then we race together, we can ride forever Wrapped in horsepower, driving into fury Changing gear, I pull you tighter to me  I'm your turbo lover Tell me there's no other I'm your turbo lover Better run for cover  We hold each other closer, as we shift to overdrive And everything goes rushing by, with every nerve alive We move so fast it seems as though we've taken to the sky Love machines in harmony, we hear the engines cry  I'm your turbo lover Tell me there's no other I'm your turbo lover Better run for cover  On and on we're charging to the place so many seek In perfect synchronicity of which so many speak We feel so close to heaven in this roaring heavy load And then in sheer abandonment, we shatter and explode  I'm your turbo lover Tell me there's no other I'm your turbo lover Better run for cover  I'm your turbo lover Tell me there's no other I'm your turbo lover Better run for cover  [Fade] 
troubleshooter-Judas Priest[SEP]You've got it, I want it. My little Troubleshooter. I need it, you feed it. My hunger drives me to ya. You bring me round with your velvet hands; you're gettin' new life to me. You put me back to promised land, just where you know I should be.  You can take me You can shake me You can break me down  You're givin' I'm gettin'. I'm gettin' satisfaction. You're makin' I'm takin'. I want some heavy action. You're bendin' and I'm mendin', gettin' back together. You really got what it takes to make a bad man better.  You can take me You can shake me You can break me down. Right down, right down, right down....  You can take me You can shake me You can break me down.  You've got it, I want it. My little Troubleshooter. I need it, you feed it. My hunger drives me to ya. You're bendin' and I'm mendin', gettin' back together. You really got what it takes to make a bad man better.  You can take me You can shake me You can break me down. 
jugulator-Judas Priest[SEP][Tipton/Downing]  Now let's see what you're made of He is coming, you can't run Violators that get caught Will wish that they'd never been born  Exterminator You are dead Mutilate  Sharpened razor Takes your head Jugulator  Predit hater You are trapped Decimate  Desecrator Your neck snapped Jugulator  Jugulator he is near Attracted by the stench of fear Part demonic part machine Hungry and it's time to feed  Iron claws and fangs of steel Dripping from his tasty meal Now it's time to jugulate Feel your skull disintegrate  Jugulator killing time now Reaches in and rips your spine out  Violator Big mistake Mutilate  Vindicator Rib cage break  Flesh and bones Are massacred  Jugulator Desecrator Jugulator 
united-Judas Priest[SEP]Look around They're moving in Hold your ground When they begin  We can do it We can do it and if they wanna they can try But they'll never get near Then they can get out of here  Gonna keep on driving Never stop  United, united, united we stand United we never shall fall United, united, united we stand United we stand one and all  So keep it up Don't give in Make a stand We're gonna win  We can do it We can do it and if they wanna they can try But they'll never get near Then they can get out of here  Gonna keep on driving Never stop  United, united, united we stand United we never shall fall United, united, united we stand United we stand one and all  So keep it up  United, united, united we stand United we never shall fall United, united, united we stand United we stand one and all  United, united, united we stand United we never shall fall United, united, united we stand United we stand one and all  United, united, united we stand United we never shall fall United, united, united we stand United we stand one and all [fade] 
hell is home-Judas Priest[SEP][G. Tipton, K.K. Downing]  You're looking at me why Sort of like a leper vibe Okay for your kind But it's too good for me  And a hey I know I'm Never gonna qualify For all the bullshit Of your social degrees  Oh look down your noses at me Hating my identity Oh but that don't mean a damn thing you see 'Cause down here in Hell everybody loves me  Hey I know I'm anti-social 'Cause you act like I'm infected With some atrocity  And though I know I'm Every bit the same inside My face don't fit It's like I've got some disease  Oh you keep your face turned away To strip me of identity Oh still got my fortune and fame 'Cause down here in Hell everyone knows my name  Hell is home to me Might as well be I like it here and nowhere else invited me Hell is home to me It has to be ('cause Jesus Christ) Nobody else invited me  Now I belong I found my home 'Cause even though I know things won't Get any better, they can certainly never get much worse  Hell is home to me Might as well be I like it here and nowhere else invited me Hell is home to me It has to be ('cause Jesus Christ) Nobody else invited me  Say my whole life I've always been disliked Ignored unless you're spitting insults at me And I don't know why you felt so justified In all the degradation that you dished on me  Oh!  Now my status has changed And you've got yourself to blame Oh!  I'll grab all the attention I crave Now I'm running Hell - Heaven won't be the same  Hell is home to me Might as well be I like it here and nowhere else invited me Hell is home to me It has to be ('cause Jesus Christ) Nobody else invited me 
night crawler-Judas Priest[SEP][Glenn Tipton, Rob Halford & K.K. Downing]  Howling winds keep screaming round And the rain comes pouring down Doors are locked and bolted now As the thing crawls into town  Straight out of hell One of a kind Stalking his victim Don't look behind you  Nightcrawler Beware the beast in black Nightcrawler You know he's coming back Night Crawler  Sanctuary is being sought Whispered prayers a last resort Homing in its' cry distorts Terror struck they know they're caught  Straight out of hell One of a kind Stalking his victim Don't look behind you  Nightcrawler Beware the beast in black Nightcrawler You know he's coming back Night Crawler  As night is falling The end is drawing near They'll hear Their last rites echo on the wind  Huddled in the cellar Fear caught in their eyes Daring not to move or breathe As the creature cries Fingernails start scratching On the outside wall Clawing at the windows "Come to me" it calls Atmosphere's electric As it now descend the stairs  Hiding in the darkness Is so futile from its glare Death comes in an instant As they hoped it would Souls ascend to heaven While it feasts on flesh and blood 
night comes down-Judas Priest[SEP]In the last rays Of the setting sun And the past days, (yeah) That's where our memories run And all of those times Still race through my mind I'm shattered inside to find  When the night comes down And I'm here all alone When the night comes down And there's nowhere to go  Call me and I'll wait till the summer You never understood Then I will wait forever For a love that's only good  As the light starts to dim The fear closes in And the nightmares begin  When the night comes down And I'm here all alone When the night comes down And there's no place to go  Oh no! You won't be there tomorrow Oh no! Say it isn't true  I can't take this pain and sorrow Oh can't you see my heart is broken in two  I'm shattered inside to find  When the night comes down And I'm here all alone When the night comes down And there's no place to go  When the night comes down And I'm here all alone When the night comes down And there's no place to go... 
lady-Kenny Rogers[SEP]Lady, I'm your knight in shining armor and I love you You have made me what I am and I am yours My love, there's so many ways I want to say I love you Let me hold you in my arms forever more  You have gone and made me such a fool I'm so lost in your love And oh, we belong together Won't you believe in my song  Lady, for so many years I thought I'd never find you You have come into my life and made me whole Forever let me wake to see you each and every morning Let me hear you whisper softly in my ear  In my eyes I see no one else but you There's no other love like our love And yes, oh yes, I'll always want you near me I've waited for you for so long  Lady, your love's the only love I need And beside me is where I want you to be 'Cause, my love, there's something I want you to know You're the love of my life, you're my lady 
three times a lady-Commodores[SEP]Thanks for the times That you've given me The memories are all in my mind And now that we've come To the end of our rainbow There's something I must say out loud You're once, twice Three times a lady Yes you're once twice Three times a lady  And I love you When we are together The moments I cherish With every beat of my heart To touch you to hold you To feel you to need you There's nothing to keep us apart You're once twice Three times a lady And I love you I love you 
it must have been love-Roxette[SEP](It must have been love but it's over now)  Lay a whisper on my pillow Leave the winter on the ground I wake up lonely, there's air of silence In the bedroom and all around  Touch me now, I close my eyes and dream away  It must have been love but it's over now It must have been good but I lost it somehow It must have been love but it's over now From the moment we touched, 'til the time had run out  Make-believing we're together That I'm sheltered by your heart But in and outside I've turned to water Like a teardrop in your palm  And it's a hard winter's day, I dream away  It must have been love but it's over now It was all that I wanted, now I'm living without It must have been love but it's over now It's where the water flows, it's where the wind blows  It must have been love but it's over now It must have been good but I lost it somehow It must have been love but it's over now From the moment we touched, 'til the time had run out  Yeah, it must have been love but it's over now It was all that I wanted, now I'm living without It must have been love but it's over now It's where the water flows, it's where the wind blows  (Must have been love but it's over now) (Must have been love but it's over now) 
wherever you will go-Calling[SEP]So lately, been wondering Who will be there to take my place When I'm gone, you'll need love To light the shadows on your face  If a great wave shall fall It'd fall upon us all And between the sand and stone Could you make it on your own?  If I could, then I would I'll go wherever you will go Way up high or down low I'll go wherever you will go  And maybe, I'll find out The way to make it back someday To watch you, to guide you Through the darkest of your days  If a great wave shall fall It'd fall upon us all Well, then I hope there's someone out there Who can bring me back to you  If I could, then I would I'll go wherever you will go Way up high or down low I'll go wherever you will go  Run away with my heart Run away with my hope Run away with my love  I know now, just quite how My life and love might still go on In your heart, in your mind I'll stay with you for all of time  If I could, then I would I'll go wherever you will go Way up high or down low I'll go wherever you will go  If I could turn back time I'll go wherever you will go If I could make you mine I'll go wherever you will go  I'll go wherever you will go 
primavera-Santana[SEP]Lluvia de sol Como Una Bendicion La vida renace con su luz La primavera ya llego  Todo es asi Regreso a la raiz Tiempo de inquieta juventud En primavera ya  La tierra negra se vuelve verde Y las montanas y el desierto Un bello jardin  [2x] Como la semilla Lleva nueva vida Hay en esta primavera Una nueva era  En el aire de Este nuevo universo Hoy se respira libertad En primavera ya  La tierra negra se vuelve verde Y las montanas y el desierto Un bello jardin  [2x] Como la semilla Lleva nueva vida Hay en esta primavera Una nueva era  La tierra negra se vuelve verde Y las montanas y el desierto Un bello jardin  [2x] Como la semilla Lleva nueva vida Hay en esta primavera Una nueva era 
forgiveness-Santana[SEP]Whoa, so many fallen angels Whoa, can this guide them through the night? Whoa Yeah And fill their life Whoa, let forgiveness wrap around them Whoa, it will bless them with the light  Whoa, can you see the coming night? Whoa whoa whoa whoa... 
daughter of the night-Santana[SEP]One way in and one way out You don't know what it's all about You look to the left You look to the right The brightest day and the darkest night  [Chorus:] And if you see me stealin' away You better believe that I'd much rather stay Daughter of the night Everything right Is getting to you baby Sister of the sun Born on the run Just let me move you baby On the road well I been told The people need a highway code The harder the chase The sweeter the catch I ain't the driver but you met your match  [Chorus]  You can win and you can lose Listen mama you got to choose You can give up tryin' Or break downi cryin' Or keep on goin' Change your mind  [Chorus] 
shake it-Santana[SEP]Doesn't matter what I know Gonna find the groove, baby, don't let go There's nothing that I wouldn't do Gonna make you shake, gonna make you move  Come on over, light the fire Red and hot 'til you can't get higher Make it sought, doin' it rough I won't stop 'til you've had enough  Gimme some love when I lay it down Givin' it up, never touch the ground Playin' it hot, makin' it loud You want more, more, more, more, yeah Gracias a nuestra madre Y padre por el tambo Gracias a nuestra madre Y padre por el tambo Shake  Gimme the sticks and gimme the skin You're gonna know what shape I'm in  Gimme some love when I'm layin' it down Givin' it up, never touch the ground Playin't it hot, makin' it loud You want more, more, more, more, yeah Gracias a nuestra madre Y padre por el tambo Gracias a nuestra madre Y padre por el tambo 
maria maria-Santana[SEP]Ladies and gents, turn up your sound systems to the sound of Carlos Santana and the G&B, it's The Product of get-away blues from the refugee camp  [The Product G&B:] Maria, Maria She remind me of a West Side story Growing up in Spanish Harlem She living a life just like a movie star Maria, Maria She fell in love in East L.A To the sounds of the guitar, yeah, yeah Played by Carlos Santana  Stop the looting, stop the shooting Pick pocking on the corner See as the rich is getting richer The poor is getting poorer  Se mira Maria on the corner Thinking of ways to make it better In my mailbox there's an eviction letter Signed by the judge, said, "See you later."  [Santana:] Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola Ahora vengo mama chola (East Coast) Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola Ahora vengo mama chola (West Coast)  [The Product G&B:] Maria, Maria She remind me of a West Side story Growing up in Spanish Harlem She living a life just like a movie star Maria, Maria She fell in love in East L.A I said it to the sounds of the guitar, yeah, yeah (By who?) Played by Carlos Santana  I said a la favella los colores The streets are getting hotter There is no water to put out the fire Ni gota de esperanza  Se mira Maria on the corner Thinking of ways to make it better Then I looked up in the sky Hoping the days of paradise  [Santana:] Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola Ahora vengo mama chola (North Side) Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola Ahora vengo mama chola (South Side)  Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola Ahora vengo mama chola (world-wide) Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola Ahora vengo mama chola (open up your eyes)  [The Product G&B:] Maria you know you're my lover When the wind blows I can feel you through the weather And even when we're apart Still feels like we're together  Maria She remind me of a West Side story Growing up in Spanish Harlem She living a life just like a movie star Maria, Maria She fell in love in East L.A To the sounds of the guitar Played by Carlos Santana  [Wyclef:] Put 'em up, yo Carlos Santana with the refugee camp Wyclef, Jerry Wonda, Mr. Santana, G&B Yo, Carlos, man, you're making that guitar cry 
besos de lejos-Santana[SEP]Besos de lejos, San Vicente Isla de vientos y de mi amor Tu son me llama y me hace soñar Y navegar en tu dulzura  Besos de lejos, San Vicente Isla de vientos y de mi amor Tu son me llama y me hace soñar Y navegar en tu dulzura  La isla de paz, guarda tu bahía Para proteger quien más quiero yo Las isla de paz, guarda tu bahía Para proteger quien más quiero yo  Que és ese amor, quién me hace soñar Y que me lleva a esa isla santa Mañana azul que me hace vivir Su sol en cada madrugada  És ese amor, quién me hace soñar Y que me lleva a esa isla santa Mañana azul que me hace vivir Su sol en cada madrugada  La isla de paz, guarda tu bahía Para proteger quien más quiero yo Las isla de paz, guarda tu bahía Para proteger quien más quiero yo  Puedo decir que tu siempre estás en mi corazón Con mi amor te quedas Con mi amor te quedas  Puedo decir que tu siempre estás en mi corazón Con mi amor te quedas Con mi amor te quedas  Puedo decir que tu siempre estás en mi corazón Con mi amor te quedas Con mi amor te quedas  Con mi amor te quedas Con mi amor te quedas 
hard times-Santana[SEP]Have you ever felt That your life is a wasting Happiness beyond your reach Sweet love has gone astray Suddenly it's bitter  Hard times Hard times  When you're all alone Nothing seems to matter Sadness always fills the air Hurts so deep inside You just have to cry out Wow.....hard times Wow.....hard times Wow.....hard times Wow.....hard times  Give yourself a chance You have something special That nobody else can claim Deep inside your heart Shines a revelation Wow.....shine on Wow.....shine on Wow.....hard times Wow.....hard times 
let there be light-Santana[SEP][Chorus:] Let there be light Let there be joy Let there be love And understanding Let there be peace Throughout the land.  [Verse:] Let's work together In harmony Let's build a better world No suffering  And in times of darkness Just reach out 'Cause there is a promise It won't be denied  [Repeat Chorus 6 times]  [Narration:]  This is truly paradise Being here in this celestial garden With all the ones you love Where nothing dies or ever grows old And to be bathed in light That cast no shadow  Yes This is the Kingdom within Still you know Sometimes I miss seeing and feeling The Spirits Dancing in the Flesh 
i'll be waiting-Santana[SEP]It's been so long since I've seen your face Yet I know soon I'll have your embrace I'll be waiting Waiting just for you Life keeps afloat and my love grows and grows You are the lightin' I'll be wating Waiting just for you Oh, it's been a long, long time by I don't mind Rhythm deep, to know the earth Keep waiting, waiting Waiting just for you 
make somebody happy-Santana[SEP]Make somebody happy Make somebody happy  Make somebody happy Make somebody happy  Love me...Love me with all your heart And I will..and I will..I will... I will...I will I will take care of you  Make somebody happy Make somebody happy Make somebody happy Make somebody happy  Just you...just having you by my side I will..and I will..and I will..I will... I will..I will... I will be satisfied  Make somebody happy Make somebody happy  Make somebody happy Make somebody happy  [Repeat chorus and vamp out] 
stone flower-Santana[SEP]What's that sound I hear coming from the ground that' going 'round and 'round I can feel it pull me down On my knees tears of joy have come to me As the flower sounds made it plain to see  that this world is a perfect place to live there is a warm soft wind blowing 'round me just to give all the leaves such a haunting melody that forever will be a part of me  Just like a ship out on the sea floating alone no one around me or beyond me the sun is on me  then suddenly I felt a kiss out of the breeze that did caress me and posess me oh it astounds me  All around there's a feeling in the air that with the grace of time we'll be getting closer there but day by day I can see they walk away and I wonder, Lord will they ever know  that this world is a perfect place to live? Just look into your heart, find the love that's there to give Realize that the secret is to share 
songs of freedom-Santana[SEP]Everybody tells me, we love your songs Your soul is precious, but it just ain't good enough You need a single to help you through Program directors, they all make the rules I said, you're kidding, you're putting me on What about the Constitution, freedom of expression Listen to the music, just feel the sound Love is the motion, that's what makes the world go around  Sing, Songs of Freedom Bring joy to the world Sing, Songs of Freedom Bring joy to the world  Everybody listen, stop and take some time To understand the world situation There is no meaning in fighting the way we do Let's come together and forgive each other  Sing, Songs of Freedom Bring joy to the world Sing, Songs of Freedom Bring joy to the world 
all i ever wanted-Santana[SEP]Well I told you 'bout your attitude And it didn't do me any good 'Cause you took your love away Left me here alone with all this lonely heartache.  There are places I remember Where the ladies still are tender Against you they can't compare Baby we've just got to get it back together.  All I ever wanted was to be with you All I ever wanted was to be with you.  I just got to get it through to you That my loving heart is ever true Please come back to where you belong Girl you got to know I'll never do you wrong.  All I ever wanted was to be with you All I ever wanted was to be with you. Yeah you. Oh oh.  All I ever wanted was to be with you All I ever wanted was to be with you.  Well I told you 'bout your attitude And it didn't do me any good 'Cause you took your love away.  All I ever wanted was to be with you All I ever wanted was to be with you All I ever wanted was to be with you All I ever wanted was to be with you You! 
deeper, dig deeper-Santana[SEP]Deeper, Deeper, dig, dig, Deeper, Deeper  Get a little closer You don't have to be afraid You have to trust your inner pilot Don't let it drift away  Dig a little deeper You gotta get it in your soul Reach out with your spirit And let your feelings show  Deeper, Deeper, dig, dig, Deeper, Deeper  You can't deny the feeling That touches you inside When you're tired and lonely You don't have to lose your pride.  Take the time to listen Stay a little while Got a song to sing for you Let the music get you higher, higher. 
smooth-Santana[SEP]Man, it's a hot one Like seven inches from the midday sun Well, I hear you whisper and the words melt everyone But you stay so cool  My muñequita, My Spanish Harlem Mona Lisa You're my reason for reason The step in my groove, yeah.  And if you said, "This life ain't good enough." I would give my world to lift you up I could change my life to better suit your mood Because you're so smooth  And it's just like the ocean under the moon It's the same as the emotion that I get from you You got the kind of loving that can be so smooth, yeah. Gimme your heart, make it real Or else forget about it  Well, I'll tell you one thing If you would leave it'd be a crying shame In every breath and every word I hear your name calling me out  Well I'm from the barrio, You hear my rhythm on your radio You feel the turning of the world so soft and slow Turning you 'round and 'round  And if you said, "This life ain't good enough." I would give my world to lift you up I could change my life to better suit your mood Because you're so smooth  And it's just like the ocean under the moon It's the same as the emotion that I get from you You got the kind of loving that can be so smooth, yeah. Gimme your heart, make it real Or else forget about it  And it's just like the ocean under the moon It's the same as the emotion that I get from you You got the kind of loving that can be so smooth, yeah. Gimme your heart, make it real Or else forget about it  Or else forget about it Or else forget about it Oh, let's don't forget about it (Gimme your heart, make it real) Let's don't forget about it Let's don't forget about it Let's don't forget about it Let's don't forget about it Let's don't forget about it 
i'm the one who loves you-Santana[SEP][Chorus:] I'm the one who loves you I'm the one who loves you I'm the one who loves you I'm the one who loves you  Little girl again you are blue Another fellow has gone and left you I see you've come back to me Your best friend To tell another tragic story again And once more you look into my eyes And one more time you ought to realize  [Repeat Chorus]  I must confess you're not to be blamed For being caught in those boys' vicious games This time I won't let you go back Never again, my dear, in fact I'm gonna stop the blueness In you Also confess what my heart Wants me to  Repeat Chorus  Just once more you look in my eyes And one more time you ought to realize  Repeat Chorus 
(da le) yaleo-Santana[SEP]Deja ya 'migo sin ella no somos na' [4x]  [4x] Tika n'gai wa yo Simba n'gai wa yo yaya  Yo la vi cantando en Paris Ella quiso estar junto de mi Yo me sorprendi Quando dijo Yaleo  Vamos caminando el ise Tomando vino y partiendo pan Ella dijo dame, dame ya Yaleo Yaleo  Yaleo [4x]  [4x] Tika n'gai wa yo Simba n'gai wa yo Yaya  Si to pudieras, decirme a mi Yo no lo creo, lo que pasa aqui Ella es mia, y me da su amor Ahora tengo ninos que dicen Yaleo Yaleo  Yaleo [4x]  [4x] Tika n'gai wa yo Simba n'gai wa yo Yaya  Yaleo [4x]  [4x] Tika n'gai wa yo Simba n'gai wa yo Yaya 
silver dreams, golden smiles-Santana[SEP]You came to me In a silver dream With a glowing flow Of a mountain stream  You lift my soul Way beyond the sky Just to wake me up With your golden smiles  [Chorus:] Silver dreams and golden smiles Silver dreams and golden smiles Silver dreams and golden smiles Silver dreams and golden smiles  I knew one day You would come my way You would help me see The reality  Heaven and earth They are one, the same In my heart I know When you call my name  [Chorus]  Dreaming when I'm wide awake See, when my eyes are closed Flying, I don't need no wings Being everywhere at once Hold me, hold me in your arms Fill me with your glowing grace  [Chorus] 
photograph-Santana[SEP]I'm outta luck, outta love Got a photograph, picture of Passion killer, you're too much You're the only one I wanna touch  I see your face every time I dream On every page, every magazine So wild and free, so far from me You're all I want, my fantasy  Oh, look what you've done to this rock and roll clown Oh-oh, look what you've done  (Photograph) I don't want your (Photograph) I don't need your (Photograph) All I've got is a photograph (Photograph) But it's not enough  I'd be your lover, if you were there Put your hurt on me if you dare Such a woman, you got style You make every man feel like a child, oh  You got some kinda hold on me You're all wrapped up in a mystery So wild and free, so far from me You're all I want, my fantasy  Oh, look what you've done to this rock and roll clown Oh-oh, look what you've done I gotta have you  (Photograph) I don't want your (Photograph) I don't need your (Photograph) All I've got is a photograph (Photograph) You've gone straight to my head  Oh, look what you've done to this rock and roll clown Oh-oh, look what you've done I gotta have you  (Photograph) I don't want your (Photograph) I don't need your (Photograph) All I've got is a photograph (Photograph) I wanna touch you Ohhh  (Photograph) (Photograph) Yeah, photograph (Photograph) (Photograph) I need more, baby  (Photograph) I wanna know (Photograph) I wanna know (Photograph) I wanna really know (Photograph) I wanna touch 
jingo-Santana[SEP]Jingo Jingo Jingo Jingo Ba Lo Ba, Ba, Lo Ba, Ba, Lo Ba, Ba, Lo Ba, Lo Ba, Ba, Lo Ba, Ba, Lo Ba, Ba, Lo Ba Jingo 
day of celebration-Santana[SEP]Freedom, freedom, freedom Get up, stand up, let's celebrate Freedom, freedom, talking about freedom This is the time for redemption  Freedom, freedom, Don't you want freedom for everybody? This is the time for liberation  Freedom, freedom, Don't you want freedom for your children? This is the day of celebration  Let's celebrate, I said let's celebrate, We're gonna celebrate, celebrate 
everything's coming our way-Santana[SEP]Open your eyes, Let it begin with me. Brand new day, Fresh new way to live, The mornin' is callin' Walk with me into the sun.  Everything is comin' our way Everything is comin' our way. Everything is comin' our way.  Here's my hand Reaching out to you Take it, darlin' And lead me on, yeah.  Everything is comin' our way Everything is comin' our way Everything is comin' our way. Ah.  [Organ Solo:]  Everything is comin' our way Everything is comin' our way Everything is comin' our way. Ah.  I can feel it in my bones No man stands alone. Sister, Brother, From all the same seed  Everything is comin' our way Everything is comin' our way Everything is comin' our way. 
foolish games-Jewel[SEP]You took your coat off and stood in the rain You're always crazy like that And I watched from my window Always felt I was outside looking in on you You're always the mysterious one with Dark eyes and careless hair You were fashionably sensitive But too cool to care You stood in my doorway, with nothing to say Besides some comment on the weather  Well in case you failed to notice In case you failed to see This is my heart bleeding before you This is me down on my knees, and  These foolish games are tearing me apart And your thoughtless words are breaking my heart You're breaking my heart  You're always brilliant in the morning Smoking your cigarettes and talking over coffee Your philosophies on art, Baroque moved you You loved Mozart; and you'd speak of your loved ones As I clumsily strummed my guitar  You'd teach me of honest things Things that were daring, things that were clean Things that knew what an honest dollar did mean I hid my soiled hands behind my back Somewhere along the line, I must have gone Off track with you  Excuse me, think I've mistaken you for somebody else Somebody who gave a damn Somebody more like myself  And these foolish games are tearing me You're tearing me You're tearing me apart And your thoughtless words are breaking my heart You're breaking my heart  You took your coat off Stood in the rain You're always crazy like that 
people got to be free-Rascals[SEP]All the world over, so easy to see People everywhere just wanna be free Listen, please listen, that's the way it should be There's peace in the valley, people got to be free  You should see what a lovely, lovely world this'd be Everyone learned to live together, ah hah Seems to me such an itty bitty thing should be Why can't you and me learn to love one another?  All the world over, so easy to see People everywhere just wanna be free (wanna be free) I can't understand it, so simple to me People everywhere just got to be free  If there's a man who is down and needs a helpin' hand All it takes is you to understand and to pull him through, ah hah Seems to me we got to solve it individually, ah ah And I'll do unto you what you do to me Said, no  Shout it from the mountain on out to the sea No two ways about it, people have to be free (they gotta be free) Ask me my opinion, my opinion will be Natural situation for a man to be free Get right on board now, huh, huh  Oh, what a feelin's just come over me Love can move a mountain, make a blind man see Everybody sing it now come on let's go see Peace in the valley now, we all can be free  See that train over there? Now that's the train of freedom It's about to 'rrive any minute, now You know it's been'a long, long overdue Look out 'cause it's a'comin' right on through Ha, ha, yeah 
downtown-Petula Clark[SEP]When you're alone and life is making you lonely You can always go Downtown When you've got worries, all the noise and the hurry Seems to help, I know Downtown  Just listen to the music of the traffic in the city Linger on the sidewalk where the neon signs are pretty How can you lose? The lights are much brighter there You can forget all your troubles, forget all your cares  So go Downtown Things will be great when you're Downtown No finer place for sure Downtown Everything's waiting for you  Don't hang around and let your problems surround you There are movie shows Downtown Maybe you know some little places to go to Where they never close Downtown  Just listen to the rhythm of a gentle bossa nova You'll be dancing with 'em too before the night is over Happy again The lights are much brighter there You can forget all your troubles, forget all your cares  So go Downtown Where all the lights are bright Downtown Waiting for you tonight Downtown You're gonna be alright now Downtown  Downtown Downtown  And you may find somebody kind to help and understand you Someone who is just like you and needs a gentle hand to Guide them along So maybe I'll see you there We can forget all our troubles, forget all our cares  So go Downtown Things will be great when you're Downtown Don't wait a minute more Downtown Everything is waiting for you Downtown  Downtown (downtown) Downtown (downtown) Downtown (downtown) Downtown (downtown) 
how you remind me-Nickelback[SEP]Never made it as a wise man I couldn't cut it as a poor man stealing Tired of living like a blind man I'm sick of sight without a sense of feeling  And this is how you remind me This is how you remind me Of what I really am This is how you remind me Of what I really am  It's not like you to say sorry I was waiting on a different story This time I'm mistaken For handing you a heart worth breaking And I've been wrong, I've been down, Been to the bottom of every bottle These five words in my head Scream "are we having fun yet?"  Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no  It's not like you didn't know that I said I love you and I swear I still do And it must have been so bad Cause living with me must have damn near killed you  And this is how, you remind me Of what I really am This is how, you remind me Of what I really am  It's not like you to say sorry I was waiting on a different story This time I'm mistaken For handing you a heart worth breaking And I've been wrong, I've been down, Been to the bottom of every bottle These five words in my head Scream "are we having fun yet?"  Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no  Never made it as a wise man I couldn't cut it as a poor man stealing  And this is how you remind me This is how you remind me  This is how you remind me Of what I really am This is how you remind me Of what I really am  It's not like you to say sorry I was waiting on a different story This time I'm mistaken For handing you a heart worth breaking And I've been wrong, I've been down, Been to the bottom of every bottle These five words in my head Scream "are we having fun yet?"  [3x] Yeah, yeah, are we having fun yet?  Yeah, yeah, no, no. 
walk like an egyptian-Bangles[SEP]All the old paintings on the tombs, They do the sand dance, Don't you know?  If they move too quick They're falling down like a domino.  All the bazaar men by the Nile, They got the money on a bet.  Gold crocodiles they snap their teeth On your cigarette.  Foreign types with their hookah pipes say Walk like an Egyptian.  The blond waitresses take their trays They spin around and they cross the floor; They've got the moves. You drop your drink then they bring you more.  All the school kids so sick of books, They like the punk and the metal band. When the buzzer rings, They're walking like an Egyptian.  All the kids in the marketplace say: Walk like an Egyptian.  Slide your feet up the street Bend your back Shift your arm then you pull it back.  Life's hard you know So strike a pose on a Cadillac.  If you want to find all the cops They're hanging out in the donut shop. They sing and dance They spin the clubs cruise down the block.  All the Japanese with their yen The party boys call the Kremlin And the Chinese know They walk the line like Egyptian.  All the cops in the donut shop say: Walk like an Egyptian Walk like an Egyptian. 
wooly bully-Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs[SEP]Uno, dos One, two, tres, quatro  Matty told Hatty about a thing she saw Had two big horns and a wooly jaw Wooly bully, wooly bully Wooly bully, wooly bully, wooly bully  Hatty told Matty: "Let's don't take no chance Let's not be L-seven, come and learn to dance." Wooly bully, wooly bully Wooly bully, wooly bully, wooly bully  Matty told Hatty: "That's the thing to do Get you someone really to pull the wool with you." Wooly bully, wooly bully Wooly bully, wooly bully, wooly bully 
these boots are made for walkin'-Nancy Sinatra[SEP]You keep saying you've got something for me Something you call love, but confess You've been a-messin' where you shouldn'ta been a-messin' And now someone else is gettin' all your best  These boots are made for walkin' And that's just what they'll do One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you Yeah  You keep lying when you oughta be truthin' And you keep losin' when you oughta not bet You keep samin' when you oughta be a-changin' Now what's right is right, but you ain't been right yet  These boots are made for walkin' And that's just what they'll do One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you  You keep playin' where you shouldn't be playin' And you keep thinkin' that you'll never get burned, ha! I just found me a brand new box of matches, yeah And what he knows, you ain't had time to learn  These boots are made for walkin' And that's just what they'll do One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you  Are you ready boots? Start walkin'! 
iwanttoholdyourhand-Beatles[SEP]Oh yeah, I'll tell you something I think you'll understand When I say that something I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand  Oh please, say to me You'll let me be your man And please, say to me You'll let me hold your hand You'll let me hold your hand I wanna hold your hand  And when I touch you I feel happy Inside It's such a feeling that my love I can't hide I can't hide I can't hide  Yeah, you got that something I think you'll understand When I say that something I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand  And when I touch you I feel happy Inside It's such a feeling that my love I can't hide I can't hide I can't hide  Yeah, you got that something I think you'll understand When I feel that something I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand 
act naturally-Beatles[SEP]They're gonna put me in the movies They're gonna make a big star out of me We'll make a film about a man that's sad and lonely And all I gotta do is act naturally  Well, I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star Might win an Oscar you can never tell The movies gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can play the part so well  Well I hope you'll come and see me in the movies Then I'll know that you will plainly see The biggest fool that ever hit the big time And all I gotta do is act naturally  We'll make the scene about a man that's sad and lonely And begging down upon his bended knee I'll play the part and I won't need rehearsing All I have to do is act naturally  Well, I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star Might win an Oscar you can never tell The movies gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can play the part so well  Well I hope you'll come and see me in the movies Then I'll know that you will plainly see The biggest fool that ever hit the big time And all I gotta do is act naturally 
for no one-Beatles[SEP]Your day breaks, your mind aches You find that all her words of kindness linger on When she no longer needs you  She wakes up, she makes up She takes her time and doesn't feel she has to hurry She no longer needs you  And in her eyes you see nothing No sign of love behind the tears Cried for no one A love that should have lasted years  You want her, you need her And yet you don't believe her when she says her love is dead You think she needs you  And in her eyes you see nothing No sign of love behind the tears Cried for no one A love that should have lasted years  You stay home, she goes out She says that long ago she knew someone but now he's gone She doesn't need him  Your day breaks, your mind aches There will be times when all the things she said will fill your head You won't forget her  And in her eyes you see nothing No sign of love behind the tears Cried for no one A love that should have lasted years 
little child-Beatles[SEP]Little child, little child Little child, won't you dance with me? I'm so sad and lonely Baby take a chance with me  Little child, little child Little child, won't you dance with me? I'm so sad and lonely Baby take a chance with me  If you want someone To make you feel so fine Then we'll have some fun When you're mine, all mine So come, come on, come on  Little child, little child Little child, won't you dance with me? I'm so sad and lonely Baby take a chance with me  When you're by my side You're the only one Don't you run and hide Just come on, come on So come on, come on, come on  Little child, little child Little child, won't you dance with me? I'm so sad and lonely Baby take a chance with me Baby take a chance with me Baby take a chance with me 
ask me why-Beatles[SEP]I love you, 'cause you tell me things I want to know And it's true that it really only goes to show That I know that I, I, I, I Should never, never, never be blue  Now you're mine, my happiness still makes me cry And in time, you'll understand the reason why If I cry, it's not because I'm sad But you're the only love that I've ever had  I can't believe it's happened to me I can't conceive of any more misery  Ask me why, I'll say I love you And I'm always thinking of you  I love you, 'cause you tell me things I want to know And it's true that it really only goes to show That I know that I, I, I, I Should never, never, never be blue  Ask me why, I'll say I love you And I'm always thinking of you  I can't believe it's happened to me I can't conceive of any more misery  Ask me why, I'll say I love you And I'm always thinking of you You, you 
please mister postman-Beatles[SEP]Wait, oh yes wait a minute mister postman Wait, wait mister postman  Mister postman look and see Is there a letter in your bag for me I been waiting a long long time Since I heard from that girl of mine  There must be some word today From my girlfriend so far away Please Mister postman look and see If there's a letter, a letter for me I been standing here waiting Mister postman So patiently For just a card or just a letter Saying she's returning home to me  Mister postman look and see Is there a letter in your bag for me I been waiting a long long time Since I heard from that girl of mine  So many days you passed me by See the tear standing in my eye You didn't stop to make me feel better By leaving me a card or a letter  So Mister postman look and see Is there a letter in your bag for me I been waiting a long long time Since I heard from that girlfriend of mine  You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta check it and see, one more time for me You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute Deliver the letter, the sooner the better You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute You gotta wait a minute, wait a minute 
dig it-Beatles[SEP]Like a rolling stone Like a rolling stone Ah like a rolling stone Like the FBI and the CIA And the BBC, BB King And Doris Day Matt Busby Dig it, dig it, dig it Dig it, dig it, dig it, dig it, dig it, dig it, dig it, dig it  [That was "Can You Dig It" by Georgie Wood. And now we'd like to do "Hark The Angels Come".] 
everybody's trying to be my baby-Beatles[SEP]Well they took some honey from a tree Dressed it up and they called it me  Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby now  Woke up last night, half past four Fifty women knocking on my door  Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby now  [Instrumental/solo]  Went out last night I didn't stay late 'Fore I got home I had nineteen dates  Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby now  [Instrumental/solo]  Went out last night I didn't stay late 'fore I got home I had nineteen dates  Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby now  Well they took some honey from a tree Dressed it up and they called it me  Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby Everybody's trying to be my baby now 
long, long, long-Beatles[SEP]It's been a long long long time How could I ever have lost you When I loved you  It took a long long long time Now I'm so happy I found you How I love you  So many tears I was searching So many tears I was wasting, oh oh  Now I can see you, be you How can I ever misplace you How I want you Oh I love you You know that I need you Ooh I love you  Oh 
rock and roll music-Beatles[SEP]Just let me hear some of that rock and roll music Any old way you choose it It's got a back beat, you can't lose it Any old time you use it It's gotta be rock and roll music If you wanna dance with me If you wanna dance with me  I've got no kick against modern jazz Unless they try to play it too darn fast And lose the beauty of the melody Until they sound just like a symphony  That's why I go for that rock and roll music Any old way you choose it It's got a back beat, you can't lose it Any old time you use it It's gotta be rock and roll music If you wanna dance with me If you wanna dance with me  I took my love on over cross the tracks So she can hear my man awail a sax I must admit they have a rocking band Man, they were blowing like a hurricane  That's why I go for that rock and roll music Any old way you choose it It's got a back beat, you can't lose it Any old time you use it It's gotta be rock and roll music If you wanna dance with me If you wanna dance with me  Way down South they had a jubilee Them Georgia folks they had a jamboree They're drinking home brew from a wooden cup The folks are dancing, there are all shook up  And started playing that rock and roll music Any old time you use it It's got a back beat, you can't lose it Any old time you use it It's gotta be rock and roll music If you wanna dance with me If you wanna dance with me  Don't care to hear them play a tango And In The Mood they take a mambo It's way too early for a congo So keep a rocking that piano  That's why I go for that rock and roll music Any old time you use it It's got a back beat, you can't lose it Any old time you use it Gotta be rock and roll music If you wanna dance with me If you wanna dance with me 
wild honey pie-Beatles[SEP]Honey Pie Honey Pie  Honey Pie Honey Pie  Honey Pie Honey Pie Honey Pie Honey Pie  I love you, Honey Pie 
with a little help from my friends-Beatles[SEP]Billy Shears  What would you think if I sang out of tune Would you stand up and walk out on me? Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song And I'll try not to sing out of key Oh I get by with a little help from my friends Mm I get high with a little help from my friends Mm gonna try with a little help from my friends  What do I do when my love is away? (Does it worry you to be alone?) How do I feel by the end of the day? (Are you sad because you're on your own?) No I get by with a little help from my friends Mm I get high with a little help from my friends Mm gonna try with a little help from my friends  (Do you need anybody?) I need somebody to love (Could it be anybody?) I want somebody to love  (Would you believe in a love at first sight?) Yes I'm certain that it happens all the time (What do you see when you turn out the light?) I can't tell you, but I know it's mine Oh I get by with a little help from my friends Mm I get high with a little help from my friends Oh I'm gonna try with a little help from my friends  (Do you need anybody?) I just need someone to love (Could it be anybody?) I want somebody to love  Oh I get by with a little help from my friends Mm gonna try with a little help from my friends Oh I get high with a little help from my friends Yes I get by with a little help from my friends With a little help from my friends 
i'll cry instead-Beatles[SEP]I've got every reason on earth to be mad Cos I've just lost the only girl I had And if I could get my way I'd get myself locked up today But I can't so I cry instead  I've got a chip on my shoulder that's bigger than my feet I can't talk to people that I meet And if I could see you now I'd try to make you sad somehow But I can't so I cry instead  Don't want to cry when there's people there I get shy when they start to stare I'm gonna hide myself away, ay hay But I'll come back again someday  And when I do you'd better hide all the girls I'm gonna break their hearts all 'round the world Yes, I'm gonna break them in two And show you what your loving man can do Until then I'll cry instead  Don't want to cry when there's people there I get shy when they start to stare I'm gonna hide myself away, ay hay But I'll come back again someday  And when I do you'd better hide all the girls Cos I'm gonna break their hearts all 'round the world Yes, I'm gonna break them in two And show you what your loving man can do Until then I'll cry instead 
oh! darling-Beatles[SEP]Oh! Darling, please believe me I'll never do you no harm Believe me when I tell you I'll never do you no harm  Oh! Darling, if you leave me I'll never make it alone Believe me when I beg you, ooh Don't ever leave me alone  When you told me You didn't need me anymore Well you know I nearly broke down and cried When you told me You didn't need me anymore Well you know I nearly broke down and died  Oh! Darling, if you leave me I'll never make it alone Believe me when I tell you I'll never do you no harm Believe me darling  When you told me, ooh You didn't need me anymore Well you know I nearly broke down and cried When you told me You didn't need me anymore Well you know I nearly broke down and died  Oh! Darling, please believe me I'll never let you down Oh, believe me darling Believe me when I tell you, ooh I'll never do you no harm 
you like me too much-Beatles[SEP]Though you've gone away this morning You'll be back again tonight Telling me there'll be no next time If I just don't treat you right You'll never leave me and you know it's true 'Cause you like me too much and I like you  You've tried before to leave me But you haven't got the nerve To walk out and make me lonely Which is all that I deserve You'll never leave me and you know it's true 'Cause you like me too much and I like you  I really do, and it's nice when you believe me If you leave me  I will follow you and bring you back where you belong 'Cause I couldn't really stand it I admit that I was wrong I wouldn't let you leave me 'cause it's true 'Cause you like me too much and I like you  'Cause you like me too much and I like you I really do, and it's nice when you believe me If you leave me  I will follow you and bring you back where you belong 'Cause I could't really stand it I admit that I was wrong I wouldn't let you leave me 'cause it's true 'Cause you like me too much and I like you 'Cause you like me too much and I like you 
you won't see me-Beatles[SEP]When I call you up Your line's engaged I have had enough So act your age We have lost the time That was so hard to find And I will lose my mind If you won't see me (You won't see me) You won't see me (You won't see me)  I don't know why you Should want to hide But I can't get through My hands are tied I won't want to stay I don't have much to say But I can turn away And you won't see me (You won't see me) You won't see me (You won't see me)  Time after time You refuse to even listen I wouldn't mind If I knew what I was missing  Though the days are few They're filled with tears And since I lost you It feels like years Yes, it seems so long Girl, since you've been gone And I just can't go on If you won't see me (You won't see me) You won't see me (You won't see me)  Time after time You refuse to even listen I wouldn't mind If I knew what I was missing  Though the days are few They're filled with tears And since I lost you It feels like years Yes, it seems so long Girl, since you've been gone And I just can't go on If you won't see me (You won't see me) You won't see me (You won't see me) 
what goes on-Beatles[SEP]What goes on in your heart? What goes on in your mind? You are tearing me apart When you treat me so unkind What goes on in your mind?  The other day I saw you As I walked along the road But when I saw him with you I could feel my future fold It's so easy for a girl like you to lie Tell me why  What goes on in your heart? What goes on in your mind? You are tearing me apart When you treat me so unkind What goes on in your mind?  I met you in the morning Waiting for the tides of time But now the tide is turning I can see that I was blind It's so easy for a girl like you to lie Tell me why  What goes on in your heart?  I used to think of no one else But you were just the same You didn't even think of me As someone with a name Did you mean to break my heart and watch me die Tell me why  What goes on in your heart? What goes on in your mind? You are tearing me apart When you treat me so unkind What goes on in your mind? 
help!-Beatles[SEP]Help! I need somebody Help! Not just anybody Help! You know I need someone Help!  (When) When I was younger (When I was young) so much younger than today (I never need) I never needed anybody's help in any way (Now) But now these days are gone (These days are gone) and I'm not so self assured (And now I find) Now I find I've changed my mind, I've opened up the doors  Help me if you can, I'm feeling down And I do appreciate you being 'round Help me get my feet back on the ground Won't you please, please help me?  (Now) And now my life has changed (My life has changed) in oh so many ways (My independence) My independence seems to vanish in the haze (But) But ev'ry now (Every now and then) and then I feel so insecure (I know that I) I know that I just need you like I've never done before  Help me if you can, I'm feeling down And I do appreciate you being 'round Help me get my feet back on the ground Won't you please, please help me?  When I was younger, so much younger than today I never needed anybody's help in any way (Now) But now these days are gone (These days are gone) and I'm not so self assured (And now I find) Now I find I've changed my mind, I've opened up the doors  Help me if you can, I'm feeling down And I do appreciate you being 'round Help me get my feet back on the ground Won't you please, please help me?  Help me, help me Ooh 
a taste of honey-Beatles[SEP]A taste of honey Tasting much sweeter than wine  I dream of your first kiss And then I feel upon my lips again  A taste of honey Tasting much sweeter than wine  I will return, yes I will return I'll come back for the honey and you  Yours was the kiss that awoke my heart There lingers still, though we're far apart  That taste of honey Tasting much sweeter than wine  Oh I will return, yes I will return I'll come back (He'll come back) for the honey (For the honey) and you 
you're going to lose that girl-Beatles[SEP]You're gonna lose that girl (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose that girl) You're gonna lose that girl (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose that girl)  If you don't take her out tonight She's gonna change her mind (She's gonna change her mind) And I will take her out tonight And I will treat her kind (I'm gonna treat her kind)  You're gonna lose that girl (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose that girl) You're gonna lose that girl (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose that girl) If you don't treat her right, my friend You're gonna find her gone (You're gonna find her gone)  Cause I will treat her right, and then You'll be the lonely one (You're not the only one)  You're gonna lose that girl (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose that girl) You're gonna lose that girl (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose that girl) You're gonna lose (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose that girl)  I'll make a point Of taking her away from you, (watch what you do) yeah, The way you treat her what else can I do?  (You're gonna lose that girl) (You're gonna lose that girl)  You're gonna lose that girl (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose that girl) You're gonna lose that girl (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose that girl) You're gonna lose (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose that girl)  I'll make a point Of taking her away from you, (watch what you do) yeah, The way you treat her what else can I do?  If you don't take her out tonight She's gonna change her mind (She's gonna change her mind) And I will take her out tonight And I will treat her kind (I'm gonna treat her kind)  You're gonna lose that girl (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose that girl) You're gonna lose that girl (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose that girl) You're gonna lose (Yes, yes, you're gonna lose) That girl. 
she loves you-Beatles[SEP]She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  You think you lost your love Well, I saw her yesterday It's you she's thinking of And she told me what to say  She says she loves you And you know that can't be bad Yes, she loves you And you know you should be glad  She said you hurt her so She almost lost her mind But now she says she knows You're not the hurting kind  She says she loves you And you know that can't be bad Yes, she loves you And you know you should be glad, ooh  She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah And with a love like that You know you should be glad  You know it's up to you I think it's only fair Pride can hurt you too Apologize to her  Because she loves you And you know that can't be bad Yes, she loves you And you know you should be glad, ooh  She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah With a love like that You know you should be glad With a love like that You know you should be glad With a love like that You know you should be glad Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
it won't be long-Beatles[SEP]It won't be long yeh, yeh, yeh It won't be long yeh, yeh, yeh It won't be long yeh, till I belong to you  Every night when everybody has fun Here am I sitting all on my own  It won't be long yeh, yeh, yeh It won't be long yeh, yeh, yeh It won't be long yeh, till I belong to you  Since you left me, I'm so alone Now you're coming, you're coming on home I'll be good like I know I should You're coming home, you're coming home  Every night the tears come down from my eyes Every day I've done nothing but cry  It won't be long yeh, yeh, yeh It won't be long yeh, yeh, yeh It won't be long yeh, till I belong to you  Since you left me, I'm so alone Now you're coming, you're coming on home I'll be good like I know I should You're coming home, you're coming home  So every day we'll be happy I know Now I know that you won't leave me no more  It won't be long yeh, yeh, yeh It won't be long yeh, yeh It won't be long yeh, till I belong to you, woo 
let it be-Beatles[SEP]When I find myself in times of trouble Mother Mary comes to me Speaking words of wisdom Let it be  And in my hour of darkness She is standing right in front of me Speaking words of wisdom Let it be  Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be Whisper words of wisdom Let it be  And when the broken-hearted people Living in the world agree There will be an answer Let it be  For though they may be parted there is Still a chance that they will see There will be an answer Let it be  Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be Yeah, there will be an answer Let it be  Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be Whisper words of wisdom Let it be  Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be Whisper words of wisdom Let it be  And when the night is cloudy There is still a light that shines on me Shine until tomorrow Let it be  I wake up to the sound of music Mother Mary comes to me Speaking words of wisdom Let it be  Let it be, let it be, let it be, yeah, let it be There will be an answer Let it be  Let it be, let it be, let it be, yeah, let it be There will be an answer Let it be  Let it be, let it be, let it be, yeah, let it be Whisper words of wisdom Let it be 
i want to hold your hand-Beatles[SEP]Oh yeah, I'll tell you something I think you'll understand When I say that something I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand  Oh please, say to me You'll let me be your man And please, say to me You'll let me hold your hand You'll let me hold your hand I wanna hold your hand  And when I touch you I feel happy Inside It's such a feeling that my love I can't hide I can't hide I can't hide  Yeah, you got that something I think you'll understand When I say that something I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand  And when I touch you I feel happy Inside It's such a feeling that my love I can't hide I can't hide I can't hide  Yeah, you got that something I think you'll understand When I feel that something I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand 
hey jude-Beatles[SEP]Hey, Jude, don't make it bad Take a sad song and make it better Remember to let her into your heart Then you can start to make it better  Hey, Jude, don't be afraid You were made to go out and get her The minute you let her under your skin Then you begin to make it better  And anytime you feel the pain, Hey, Jude, refrain Don't carry the world upon your shoulders For well you know that it's a fool Who plays it cool By making his world a little colder  Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah nah  Hey, Jude, don't let me down You have found her, now go and get her Remember to let her into your heart Then you can start to make it better  So let it out and let it in, Hey, Jude, begin You're waiting for someone to perform with And don't you know that it's just you, Hey, Jude, you'll do The movement you need is on your shoulder  Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah nah yeah  Hey, Jude, don't make it bad Take a sad song and make it better Remember to let her under your skin Then you'll begin to make it better, better, better, better, better... oh!  Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (Jude) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (yeah, yeah, yeah) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (don't make it bad, Jude) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (take a sad song and make it better) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (oh, Jude) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (Jude, hey, Jude, whoa) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (ooh) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude [fade out] 
her majesty-Beatles[SEP]Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl But she doesn't have a lot to say Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl But she changes from day to day  I wanna tell her that I love her a lot But I gotta get a belly full of wine Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl Someday I'm gonna make her mine, oh yeah Someday I'm gonna make her mine 
the twist-Chubby Checker[SEP]Come on baby Let's do the twist Come on baby Let's do the twist Take me by my little hand And go like this  Ee-yah twist Baby, baby twist Ooh yeah, just like this Come on little miss and do the twist  My daddy is sleepin' And mama ain't around Yeah, daddy just sleepin' And mama ain't around We're gonna twisty twisty twisty Till we tear the house down  Come on and twist Yeah, baby twist Oooh yeah, just like this Come on miss and do the twist Ee-yah  ('Round and 'round and 'round and 'round) ('Round and 'round and 'round and 'round)  Yeah, you should see my little sis You should see my my litlle Sis She really knows how to rock She knows how to twist  Come on and twist Yeah, baby twist Oooh yeah, just like this Come on little miss and do the twist  ('Round and 'round and 'round and 'round) ('Round and 'round and 'round and 'round)  Yeah, rock on now Yeah, twist on down Twist ('Round and 'round and 'round) 
pony time-Chubby Checker[SEP]It's pony time, get up (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo)  Hey now everybody (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) In the union hall (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) It's pony time (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) When ya hear this call (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo)  So get with it Don't quit it Get up (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo)  Do the pony with your partner (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) With a big boss line (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) Well anyway ya do it (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) You're gonna look real fine (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo)  So get with it Don't quit it Get up (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo)  Now ya turn to the left when I say gee You turn to the right when I say haw Now gee, ya ya baby Now haw Oh baby, oh baby, pretty baby Do it baby, oh baby, oh baby (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo)  Gonna see little Suzie (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) You know she lives next door (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) She's doin' the pony (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) She's takin' the floor (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo)  Eeea ah, so get with it Don't quit it Come on (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo)  Do the pony with your partner (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) Oh in a big boss line (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) But anyway you do it (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) You're gonna look just fine (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo)  So get with Don't quit it Get up. Eeeaaah  Now you turn to the left when I say gee You turn to the right when I say haw Now gee, ya ya little baby Now haw, ya Oh baby, oh baby, pretty baby Do it baby, oh baby, oh baby (Boogety, boogety, boogety, boogety shoo) 
everybody loves somebody-Dean Martin[SEP]Everybody loves somebody sometime Everybody falls in love somehow Something in your kiss just told me My sometime is now  Everybody finds somebody someplace There's no telling where love may appear Something in my heart keeps saying My someplace is here  If I had it in my power I'd arrange for every girl to have your charms Then every minute, every hour Every boy would find what I found in your arms  Everybody loves somebody sometime And although my dream was overdue Your love made it well worth waiting For someone like you  If I had it in my power I'd arrange for every girl to have your charms Then every minute, every hour Every boy would find what I found in your arms  Everybody loves somebody sometime And although my dream was overdue Your love made it well worth waiting For someone like you 
footloose-Kenny Loggins[SEP]Been working so hard I'm punching my card Eight hours for what Oh, tell me what I got  I've got this feeling That times are holding me down I'll hit the ceiling Or else I'll tear up this town  Now I gotta cut loose, footloose Kick off your Sunday shoes Please, Louise, pull me off of my knees Jack, get back, come on before we crack Lose your blues, everybody cut footloose  You're playing so cool Obeying every rule Deep way down in your heart You're burning yearning for some Somebody to tell you That life ain't passing you by I'm trying to tell you It will if you don't even try  You can fly if you'd only cut loose, footloose Kick off your Sunday shoes Oo-wee, Marie, shake it, shake it for me Whoa, Milo, come on, come on let's go Lose your blues, everybody cut footloose  Yeah, ooooh-oh-oh (Cut footloose) Yeah, ooooh-oh-oh (Cut footloose) Yeah, ooooh-oh-oh (Cut footloose) Oooooooooh  (First) You've got to turn me around (Second) And put your feet on the ground (Third) Now take the hold of all  I'm turning it loose footloose, Kick off your Sunday shoes Please, Louise, pull me off of my knees Jack, get back, come on before we crack Lose your blues, everybody cut footloose  (Footloose) footloose Kick off your Sunday shoes Please, Louise, pull me off of my knees Jack, get back, come on before we crack Lose your blues, everybody cut, everybody cut  Everybody cut, everybody cut Everybody cut, everybody cut (Everybody) everybody cut footloose 
since u been gone-Kelly Clarkson[SEP]Here's the thing: we started out friends It was cool but it was all pretend Yeah, yeah Since you've been gone  You dedicated, you took the time Wasn't long 'til I called you mine Yeah, yeah Since you've been gone  And all you'd ever hear me say Is how I pictured me with you That's all you'd ever hear me say  But since you've been gone I can breathe for the first time I'm so moving on Yeah, yeah Thanks to you Now I get what I want Since you've been gone  How can I put it? You put me on I even fell for that stupid love song Yeah, yeah Since you've been gone  How come I'd never hear you say, "I just wanna be with you." I guess you never felt that way  But since you've been gone I can breathe for the first time I'm so moving on Yeah, yeah Thanks to you Now I get (I get) what I want Since you've been gone  You had your chance, you blew it Out of sight, out of mind Shut your mouth, I just can't take it Again and again, and again, and again  Since you've been gone (Since you've been gone) I can breathe for the first time I'm so moving on Yeah, yeah Thanks to you (thanks to you) Now I get, I get what I want  I can breathe for the first time I'm so moving on Yeah, yeah Thanks to you (thanks to you) Now I get (I get) You should know (you should know) That I get, I get what I want Since you've been gone Since you've been gone Since you've been gone 
hollaback girl-Gwen Stefani[SEP]Uh huh, this my shit All the girls stomp your feet like this  A few times I've been around that track So it's not just gonna happen like that 'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl I ain't no hollaback girl [2x]  Oh, this my shit, this my shit [4x]  I heard that you were talking shit And you didn't think that I would hear it People hear you talking like that, getting everybody fired up So I'm ready to attack, gonna lead the pack Gonna get a touchdown, gonna take you out That's right, put your pom-poms down, getting everybody fired up  A few times I've been around that track So it's not just gonna happen like that 'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl I ain't no hollaback girl [2x]  Oh, this my shit, this my shit [4x]  So that's right dude, meet me at the bleachers No principals,no student-teachers Both of us want to be the winner, but there can only be one So I'm gonna fight, gonna give it my all Gonna make you fall, gonna sock it to you That's right I'm the last one standing, another one bites the dust  A few times I've been around that track So it's not just gonna happen like that 'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl I ain't no hollaback girl [2x]  Oh, this my shit, this my shit [4x]  Let me hear you say this shit is bananas B-A-N-A-N-A-S (This shit is bananas) (B-A-N-A-N-A-S)  Again This shit is bananas B-A-N-A-N-A-S (This shit is bananas) (B-A-N-A-N-A-S)  A few times I've been around that track So it's not just gonna happen like that 'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl I ain't no hollaback girl [2x]  Oh, this my shit, this my shit [4x] 
the sweet escape-Gwen Stefani[SEP][Gwen:] If I could escape I would But first of all, let me say I must apologize For acting stank and treating you this way  'Cause I've been acting like sour milk all on the floor It's your fault you didn't shut the refrigerator Maybe that's the reason I've been acting so cold?  If I could escape and recreate a place that's my own world And I could be your favourite girl forever Perfectly together Now tell me boy now wouldn't that be sweet? (sweet escape) If I could be sweet (be sweet) I know I've been a real bad girl (I'll try to change) I didn't mean for you to get hurt (whatsoever) We can make it better, And tell me boy now wouldn't that be sweet? (sweet escape)  [Akon:] I want to get away To our sweet escape I want to get away  [Gwen:] You melt me down, I'm at my lowest boiling point Come help me out I need to get me out of this joint Come on let's bounce Counting on you to turn me around Instead of clowning around Let's look for some common ground  So, baby Times get a little crazy I've been gettin' a little lazy Waitin' on you to come save me I can see that you're angry By the way that you treat me Hopefully you don't leave me Wanna take you with me  If I could escape and recreate a place that's my own world And I could be your favourite girl forever Perfectly together And tell me boy now wouldn't that be sweet? (sweet escape) If I could be sweet (be sweet) I know I've been a real bad girl (I'll try to change) I didn't mean for you to get hurt (whatsoever) We can make it better And tell me boy now wouldn't that be sweet? (sweet escape)  If I could escape If I could escape  'Cause I've been acting like sour milk all on the floor It's your fault you didn't shut the refrigerator Maybe that's the reason I've been acting so cold?  If I could escape and recreate a place that's my own world And I could be your favourite girl forever Perfectly together And tell me boy now wouldn't that be sweet? (sweet escape) If I could be sweet (be sweet) I know I've been a real bad girl (I'll try to change) I didn't mean for you to get hurt (whatsoever) We can make it better And tell me boy now wouldn't that be sweet? (sweet escape)  I wanna get away, get away To our sweet escape I wanna get away 
life is a gamble-Marvin Gaye[SEP]Life is a gamble, oh, oh baby Where you win or lose I'm right, just paid my dues 
the late, late show-Marvin Gaye[SEP][MW:] Kiss! [MG:] Kiss! [MW:] Kiss! [MG:] Kiss! [MW:] Kiss! [MG:] All night long  [MW:] Gee it's cosy in the park tonight When you cuddle up & hold me tight Stars above, they seem to know We're putting on a late late show [MG:] Hear the pretty music in the trees See the flowers dancin' in the breeze Old Man Moon begins to glow He's joinin' in the late late show  [MW (with MG echoing):] Birds should be dreamin' Stars chirpin' a song & wild fireflies gleamin' [MW:] We kiss! [MG:] Kiss! [MW:] Kiss! [MG:] Kiss! [MW:] Kiss! [MG:] All night long  [MW:] Then we amble back to my front door Say good night & then we kiss some more [MG:] Did you know I like it so? It started at the late late show  [MW:] When you cuddle up & hold me so tight Stars above, they seem to know, yeah We're putting on a late late show  [MG:] See the flowers dancin' in the breeze Old Man Moon begins to glow He's joinin' in the late late show  [MW (with MG echoing):] Birds should be dreamin' Stars chirpin' a song & wild fireflies gleamin' [MW:] We kiss! [MG:] Kiss! [MW:] Kiss! [MG:] Kiss! [MW:] Kiss! [MG:] All night long  [MW:] Then we amble back to my front door Say good night & then we kiss some more [MG:] Did you know I like it so? It started at the late late show  [MW:] It started at the late late show, Marvin [MG:] It started at the late late show [MW:] Then you kissed me & you held me so tight, Marvin [MG:] It's mellow, baby, ow! It started at the late late show [fade] 
falling in love again-Marvin Gaye[SEP]In this life....of....happiness and sadness when you've lost....out on love... and it all...ends up in madness and you say....Love....please go away don't torture me, night and day then someone real.....someone who feel comes in.  [Chorus:] Now I'm falling in love again I'm falling in love again I'm falling in love all over I'm falling in love again I, I found somebody , she says she love me I'm falling in love again, falling in love again, falling in love Once again........Hey baby She's pretty, outside and in... She's so wonderful I tried not to let my heart step in But what to do, baby What could I do when somebody real comes in Someone who feel comes in  Now I'm falling in love again I'm falling in love again I found somebody She says she love me I'm falling in love again Oh, beautiful woman Falling in love again Falling in love again Falling in love  Forever So great, baby So love me As though there was no tomorrow There is no tomorrow See you later I love you I love you, baby I love you 
satisfied feelin'-Marvin Gaye[SEP][MG:] Hmm hmm hmm hmm [BOTH:] People are wonderin' about the change that's come over me 'Cause a smile upon my face is somethin' rare for them to see But how can I tell someone else what I don't understand myself? It's like heaven into the sunshine out of the glow, & oh baby It's just a satisfied feelin', oh yeah, down in my soul  [BOTH:] Imagine something so strong That keeps the world from doin' you wrong It gives you power, it gives you drums & there ain't nothin' you can't overcome Like a puzzle when the pieces fit I know that this is it It's like watchin' a brand new day begin to glow, & oh baby It's a satisfied feelin' set down in my soul  [BOTH:] & I don't know what it is about you But I can't stand the thought of ever bein' without you [MG:] So I'm gonna love you & never let you out of my sight [TT:] 'Cause the way you make me feel has got to be right  [MG:] Baby, you know it's like a flame burnin' within & I know people can see it from afar [TT:] Oh it gives you a special somethin' That makes you wonder who you are [BOTH:] If we had words, we could tell it all The joys big & small But I'm afraid the love we got can never be told Oh baby, it's just a satisfied feelin' down in my soul  [exchange ad-libs & fade] 
let's get it on-Marvin Gaye[SEP]I've been really tryin', baby Tryin' to hold back this feeling for so long And if you feel, like I feel baby Then come on, oh come on, ooh  Let's get it on, oh baby Let's get it on, let's love baby Let's get it on, sugar Let's get it on, whoa  We're all sensitive people With so much to give, understand me sugar Since we got to be here Let's live, I love you  There's nothin' wrong with me Lovin' you, baby love, love And givin' yourself to me can never be wrong If the love is true, oh baby  (Let me love you) Don't you know how sweet and wonderful life can be? Oh, oh (Let me love you) I'm askin' you baby to get it on with me, oh oh (Let me love you) (Let me love you) I ain't gonna worry, I ain't gonna push (Let me love you) I won't push you baby (Let me love you) So come on, come on, come on, come on baby Stop beatin' 'round the bush, hey  Let's get it on, let's get it on You know what I'm talkin' 'bout Come on baby, hey, hey Let your love come out If you believe in love Let's get it on, ooh, let's get it on baby This minute, oh yeah let's get it on Please, let's get it on I know you know what I been dreamin' of, don't you baby? (My body wants some) My whole body makes that feelin' of love, I'm happy (My body wants some) I ain't gonna worry, no I ain't gonna push I won't push you baby, woo Come on, come on, come on, come on darling Stop beatin' 'round the bush Oh, gonna get it on, threatenin' you, baby I wanna get it on You don't have to worry that it's wrong If the spirit moves you Let me groove you good Let your love come down Oh, get it on, come on baby Do you know the meaning? I've been sanctified, hey hey Girl, you give me good feeling So good somethin' like sanctified Oh do right baby Nothing wrong with love If you want to love me just let yourself go Oh baby, let's get it on 
i heard it through the grapevine-Marvin Gaye[SEP]I bet you're wonderin' how I knew 'Bout your plans to make me blue With some other guy you knew before Between the two of us guys You know I loved you more It took me by surprise I must say When I found out yesterday Don't you know that I heard it through the grapevine Not much longer would you be mine Oh I heard it through the grapevine Oh I'm just about to lose my mind  Honey, honey yeah. I heard it through the grapevine Not much longer would you be mine baby  I know a man ain't supposed to cry But these tears I can't hold inside Losin' you would end my life you see 'Cause you mean that much to me You could have told me yourself That you loved someone else Instead I heard it through the grapevine Not much longer would you be mine Oh, I heard it through the grapevine And I'm just about to lose my mind  Honey, honey yeah I heard it through the grapevine Not much longer would you be mine, baby  People say believe half of what you see Some and none of what you hear But I can't help but be confused If it's true please tell me dear Do you plan to let me go For the other guy you loved before?  Don't you know I heard it through the grapevine Not much longer would you be mine, baby yeah I heard it through the grapevine I'm just about to lose my mind Honey, honey, yeah I heard it through the grapevine, Not much longer would you be mine, baby yeah  Honey, honey, yeah I heard it through the grapevine, Not much longer would you be mine, baby yeah yeah I heard it through the grapevine, Not much longer would you be mine, baby yeah yeah 
it's got to be a miracle (this thing called love)-Marvin Gaye[SEP][KW:] All it takes is 2 hearts that care [MG:] Sprinkle just a little tenderness there [KW:] And like the tiny grains of sand that build a mountain so high [MG:] Each tender moment builds love between a girl & guy  [BOTH:] It's got to be a miracle, this thing called love Never never never let go, this thing called love [KW:] Take a boy like you & a girl like me [MG:] 2 lonely people we used to be [KW:] We shared a little time, tears & laughter [MG:] It seems that we will be happy ever after  [KW:] All it takes is 2 arms that know [MG:] They gotta hold you, baby, & never let go [KW:] Throw in a lover's quarrel & it's sealed with a kiss [MG:] We know that heaven must be like this  [BOTH:] It's got to be a miracle, this thing called love Never never never let go, this thing called love [KW:] I used to wander, I used to roam [MG:] Like a ship in a stormin' sea, tryin' to get home [KW:] When we found each other, heaven found a way [MG:] 'Cause you were the dawn of a bright sunny day  [KW:] All it takes is just a little time [MG:] 3 little words, baby, that mean "Will you will be mine?" [KW:] Add a few tears 2 lovers will shed [MG:] & every sweet word that's ever been said  [BOTH:] It's got to be a miracle, this thing called love Never never never let go, this thing called love [KW:] Take a girl like me & a boy like you [MG:] Long lonely hours we once knew [KW:] We have each other & live what life's worth [MG:] All love is strong enough to move heaven & earth  [repeat & fade] [BOTH:] It's got to be a miracle, this thing called love Never never never let go, this thing called love 
i got to get to california-Marvin Gaye[SEP]I got to get to California right away I got to get to California right away Just to see the evening sun setting in the west Breaks my heart, reminds me of the true love that I left In the sunset I can see my baby's face just haunting me Reminding me of the tenderness that heaven knows was in her kiss I had a love that was mine mine mine mine alone But I played the fool and Lord I left my happy home What a fool a man can be, but this loneliness inside of me says I got to get to California right away I got to get to California  I wish I was there by my baby's side Lord I wish I had listened to my heart and not my pride She tried to tell me that I had no reason to tell her she was... I was blinded by my pride and I just couldn't see Now I've got to hurry, I've got a reason to worry I've got to be on the move, true love I'm gonna lose I pray it's not too late, oh I might have to catch a freight I got to get to California right away I got to get to California right away  Ohhhhh may have to hitchhike baby Might have to hop a freight Yea yeah now I've got to hurry Now I've got a reason to worry I've got to be on the move Or true love I'm gonna lose What a fool a man can be But this loneliness inside of me says I got to get to California right away I got to get to California  Might have to hitchhike, baby Might have to hitch a ride Oh now now I got to get to California 
woman of the world-Marvin Gaye[SEP]Oh, baby Looking good  Oh woman Liberated lady of today Remember all our childhood days (remember?) Boy and girl, we used to play Do you remember, baby?  Hey, freedom Emancipation's what you found Legislation put me down Oh yeah What happened to yesterday? (What happened?)  Woman of the world Now that your eyes meet mine You see a brand new generation  You've come a long way, baby You've come a long way, baby  Hey, woman (woman of the world) Chauvinism's day is done Now there isn't anyone, no, no For you to look up to (You're on your own now)  Lady, independence is your thing, listen You got the world on a string Go out and take your time Oh, woman of the world What would you prefer be done? After all we've done together You want to pull away now  Hey, woman of the world (You've come a long way, baby) My yesterday girl Little lady Baby, it's your show It's your show Woman of the world Yesterday girl, it's your show Baby, it's your show  (You've come a long way, baby) 
funk me-Marvin Gaye[SEP]If you let me girl, I'll be good to you I will keep your tender body next to mine Why don't you let me, lady, be good to you I want to take care of you, darlin', all of your life And make love to you If you let me, baby, oh I'll be good to you, girl Cause I'll love you darlin', you're out of this world Please make love with me My love...  Funk Me Funk Me, Funk Me Funk Me  (Ooooh) I need us for me to love, Mother Nature taught me love We don't really have to freak You just thrill me when you speak I can see that you're a star And I like the way you are Funking music lights my fire, shakes my body, sets afire Since we both have lots of love Send some loving up above Don't give me no alibis See the love that's in my eyes All I know is how much I love you, baby  Oh baby, you know that I love you Darling, I'd like to love you, right now, right now Forever more, baby  Watching you over here dancing on the floor Oh, it makes me want to love you all the more, baby For when we begin, I know my love for you will never never end Why don't you give me a chance to prove my romance I don't know if I can go on without having you for my own Ooh Father above, give me this lady to love So I can love her right now, Father  All of my love for you to share I'll take you, baby, anywhere I want love you right now  Funk me - if you got the desire... Funk me - if you got the desire... Funk me - if you got the desire... Funk me - if you got the desire... 
sexual healing-Marvin Gaye[SEP]Get up, get up, get up, get up! Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up!  Oh, baby now let's get down tonight  Ooh baby, I'm hot just like an oven I need some lovin' And baby, I can't hold it much longer It's getting stronger and stronger  And when I get that feeling I want sexual healing Sexual healing, oh baby Makes me feel so fine  Helps to relieve my mind Sexual healing baby, is good for me Sexual healing is something that's good for me  Whenever blue teardrops are fallin' And my emotional stability is leaving me There is something I can do I can get on the telephone and call you up baby  And honey I know you'll be there to relieve me The love you give to me will free me If you don't know the thing you're dealing Ohh I can tell you, darling, that it's sexual healing  Get up, get up, get up, get up Let's make love tonight Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up 'Cause you do it right  Baby, I got sick this mornin' A sea was stormin' inside of me Baby, I think I'm capsizin' The waves are risin' and risin'  And when I get that feeling I want sexual healing Sexual healing is good for me Makes me feel so fine, it's such a rush Helps to relieve the mind, and it's good for us  Sexual healing, baby, it's good for me Sexual healing is something that's good for me Well, it's good for me and it's so good to me my baby, ohh  Come take control, just grab a hold Of my body and mind, soon we'll be making it, honey I'll be feeling fine, You're my medicine, open up and let me in Darling, you're so great, I can't wait for you to operate  I can't wait for you to operate  When I get this feeling I need sexual healing Oh when I get this feeling I need sexual healing I gotta have sexual healing, darling 'Cause I'm all alone Sexual healing, darling Till you come back home  Please don't procrastinate It's not good to masturbate 
why did i choose you?-Marvin Gaye[SEP]Why did I choose you? What did I see in you? I saw the heart you hide so well... I saw a quiet man, who had a gentle way, a way that caught me in its glowing spell.  Why did I want you? What could you offer me? A love to last a life-time through? And when I lost my heart so many years ago, I lost it lovingly and willingly to you.  If I had to choose again, I would still choose you. 
how can i forget-Marvin Gaye[SEP]They ask me to forget about you Go out and find someone new But that won't be eas', you see After all the things you've done for me Told the men I ain't too proud to say With you I stand tall and strong 'Cause without you, girl, I'm nothin' at all  [Chorus:] How, how can I forget ya? After all you've done for me Oh woman, you'll always be a part of me I, I can't forget you It's impossible, you see Woman, you'll always be a part of me  Girl, I'm down on my bended knees And I'm beggin' you please, beggin' you please Woman, woman, don't set me free 'Cause right this moment in the sun My life was wastin' away Girl, your love gave me hope and strength You're the reason I'm alive today Girl, you don't realize what your love means to me It's more precious than the evergreens  [Repeat chorus and fade] 
sad tomorrows(2002 remaster bonus track)-Marvin Gaye[SEP]Flying High in the friendly sky, Without leaving the ground, Rest of the folks are tired and weary And have laid their bodies down I go to the place where danger waits - And its bound to forsake me.  So stupid minded, But I go crazy, when I cant find it,  In the morning I'll be alright my friends- Soon the night - will bring the pains again  Flying hight in the friendly sky, Without ever leaving the ground, Aint seen nothing but trouble baby - paraphernalia is my name Theres a place where the feeling awaits me, Self destructions in my hands  So stupid minded, But I go crazy, when I can find it  I know Im hooked my friends, To the boy Who makes slaves out of men...  Ahhh yeah  [The Originals:] I did the best I could Nobody understood  Ahhh yeah  I did the best I could Nobody understood 
i'll be doggone-Marvin Gaye[SEP]Well, I'll be doggone if I wouldn't work all day And I'll be doggone if I wouldn't bring you my pay But if I ever caught you running around Blowing my money all over this town  Then I wouldn't be doggone Hey, Hey! I'd be long gone Then I wouldn't be doggone I'd be long gone  Now hey, hey, hey! I'll be doggone if you ain't a pretty thing And I'll be doggone if you ain't warm as a breath of spring And if we live to be a hundred years old If you ever let that spring turn cold  Then I wouldn't be doggone Hey! I'd be long gone Oh I wouldn't be doggone I'd be long gone  Now did you hear what I say ? Well now what I say Oh, believe me Well, every woman should try To be what ever has man wants her to be And I don't want much All I want from you is for you to be true to me  Well, I'd be doggone if love ain't a man's best friend Oh, baby, And I'll be doggone if you ain't the loving end Though I know you make me feel like no baby could If I ever found out that you're no good  Then I wouldn't be doggone Hey, hey, hey, I'd be long gone Well I wouldn't de doggone baby I'd be long gone 
that's the way love is-Marvin Gaye[SEP]Ah baby After many tears fall from your eyes A thousand times you ask yourself why The one guy you love has departed You're left alone and broken-hearted Love just comes and goes How long it's gonna last nobody knows  [Chorus:] That's the way love is, baby [or honey, or other endearing term] (That's the way love is, sugar, how it is) That's the way love is, baby (That's the way love is, sugar, how it is) That's how it is  I know you're walkin' down a lonesome road And your heart is carryin' a heavy load I know you feel like you ain't got a friend (ain't got a friend) And your whole world's cavin' in (cavin' in) Ah, but now is the time to be strong (to be strong) You better forget him now that he's gone (now that he's gone) Remember...  [Chorus]  [Instrumental]  Listen to me, little darlin' The road of love is rough sometimes But don't let it get the best of you I've been hurt by love so many times I know just what you're goin' through You wish you were never born You better forget him now that he's gone  [Chorus]  Wipe away your tears Love is here today and gone tomorrow (That's the way love is, sugar, how it is) All your joys turn to sorrow (That's the way love is, sugar, how it is) One day gladness, and the next day sadness (That's the way love is, sugar, how it is) [...and fade] 
love fell on me-Marvin Gaye[SEP][MG:] I used to go my way all by myself, me, my shadow & I Happy-go-lucky, nobody else but me, my shadow & I One day out of the clear blue skies I dared to look in your eyes So tenderly, that's how love fell on me, yes indeed  [KW:] I used to laugh at all my friends Gettin' ready for Valentines Day Givin' candy & kisses & friendship rings "Sweets for the sweet," they say One day when the sun was warm I couldn't help but take you in my arms So tenderly, that's how love fell on me  [MG:] Listen, Kim: it didn't hit me like a ton of bricks But I felt it just the same [KW:] Marvin, love came creepin' right into my heart When you whispered my name So sweet & tender, I had to surrender I knew I had really been hit [BOTH:] So tenderly, that's how love fell on me So tenderly, that's how love fell on me  [MG:] I couldn't help myself at all [KW:] You know, you came along & I had to fall [repeat & fade] [BOTH:] So tenderly, that's how love fell on me 
chained-Marvin Gaye[SEP]Seems just yesterday you were in my arms And in a special way you touched my heart with all your charms And now you're gone Oh and I find myself, honey, I'm all alone And there's no love left to take Don't know where I fell, for you I've always cared I did all I know To win your love and make it so You'd always stay but you turned away Honey, what could I say? How could you, how could you, How could you do me this way? 'Cause I'm chained to your love and affection 'Cause I'm chained; oh your love's my only direction Oh oh oh oh ah ah ah  I've got to make it right, somehow it's always wrong Somewhere down the line The love I've lost I've got to find, yeah But it won't be long I'm gonna make it right, baby And carry you tenderly back home 'Cause I'm chained to your love and affection 'Cause I'm chained; every time I hear your name I tremble I tremble, oh you know, oh you know  Oh baby, oh baby Well, now I admit that I Haven't been the perfect guy For a girl as sweet as you But my heart and soul cries, How do you? Oh, that's all I need Oh, gonna make it right, baby If you just stay, stay with me 'Cause I'm chained Oh I'm chained to your love and affection Yes I'm chained [...and fade] 
checking out (double clutch)-Marvin Gaye[SEP]Well, these are just a bunch of guys from Detroit Name of Bohannon  They can play the music straight But they thought they'd double clutch it for you  So you see, they got together These cats sure are funky And they thought you might dig a little dance Called the Double Clutch  You see, these is just a bunch Of cats from Detroit Called Bohannon and them cats So they got together and thought Of this funky jam They wanted y'all to do the Double Clutch  Sure is funky  You see, these cats from Detroit Bohannon and Ray and Melvin Playing the Double Clutch  Now, all through this album We played the double up Well, by now You should be deep in  It's all over about now, y'all We hate to leave you But we got to go 
together-Marvin Gaye[SEP](Together, together) [MG:] We'd stroll the lane together [MW:] Laugh at the rain, oh you know, together [BOTH:] Sang love's refrain together & we'd both pretend it would never end  [MW:] When we cried, you know we cried together [MG:] Cast love aside together [BOTH:] You're gone from me But in my memory We'll always be together  (Together, together) [BOTH:] & we'd both pretend it would never end  [MW:] You stole the sunshine, oh you know We're gonna be together [MG:] & our hearts, our hearts that won together [BOTH:] Oh you've gone from me But in my memory We'll always ([Backing:] always be) We'll always ([Backing:] always be) We'll always be ([Backing:] always be) together  [MG:] We're gonna be together [MW:] Oh you know we, we just gotta be together [fade] 
third world girl-Marvin Gaye[SEP]Jamaica special love Special love Sitting down see the flower On the window tops And the mountain See the rain And the warm lit sun On the beaches and sand Comes a man with a plan to renew the world Up in rasta land Hungry boys and girls He lived up to his part And he died with a cause in his heart Jamaica special love Special love Listen  Oh, Jamaica Lady Oh, Jamaica Girl Oh, Jamaica Lady Oh, Jamaica Girl  Oh, Jamaica Lady Oh, Jamaica Girl Oh, oh, baby  You be my first, my second, my third world girl Peas and rice They are awful nice But not as nice as you 
good golly miss molly-Little Richard[SEP]Good Golly Miss Molly, sure like to ball. Good golly, Miss Molly, sure like to ball. When you're rockin' and a rollin' can't hear your momma call.  From the early early mornin' till the early early night You can see Miss Molly rockin' at the house of blue lights. Good golly, Miss Molly, sure like to ball. When you're rockin' and a rollin' can't hear your momma call.  Well, now momma, poppa told me: "Son, you better watch your step." If I knew my momma, poppa, have to watch my dad myself.  Good golly, Miss Molly, sure like a ball. When you're rockin' and a rollin' can't hear your momma call.  I am going to the corner, gonna buy a diamond ring. Would you pardon me if it's a nineteen carat golden thing. Good golly, Miss Molly, sure like a ball. When you're rockin' and a rollin' can't hear your momma call.  Good golly, Miss Molly, sure like a ball. Good golly, Miss Molly, sure like a ball. When you're rockin' and a rollin' can't hear your momma call. 
lucille-Little Richard[SEP]Lucille, won't you do your sisters will? Lucille, you won't do your sister's will? You ran off and married, but I love you still  Lucille, please, come back where you belong Lucille, please, come back where you belong I been good to you, baby, please, don't leave me alone  I woke up this morning, Lucille was not in sight I asked my friends about her but all their lips were tight Lucille, please, come back where you belong I been good to you, baby, please, don't leave me alone, whoa  I woke up this morning, Lucille was not in sight I asked my friends about her but all their lips were tight Lucille, please, come back where you belong I been good to you, baby, please, don't leave me alone  Lucille, baby, satisfy my heart Lucille, baby, satisfy my heart I played for it, baby, and gave you such a wonderful start 
precious lord-Little Richard[SEP]Precious Lord, take my hand Lead me on, help me stand Lord, I'm tired, Lord, I'm so weak Lord, You know I am worn  Through the storm, through the night Lead me on to the light Take my hand, precious Lord, lead me home  When my way, it gets kind of dreary Precious Lord, somewhere near When my light is almost gone  Hear my cry, Lord, hear my call Hold my hand lest I fall Take my hand, precious Lord, lead me home 
all around the world-Little Richard[SEP]All around the world Rock and roll is on its way All around the world Rock and roll is on its way You can hear those jukebox jumpin' All night and all through the day  They do the Baja That takes his ha ha Shim, sham, shimmy And they never, never stop  All around the world Rock and roll is on its way You can hear those jukebox jumpin' All night and all through the day  They never know time for romance They only wanna dance People all holla when they hit that floor Go, cat, go  All around the world Rock and roll is on its way You can hear those jukebox jumpin' All night and all through the day  They never know time for romance They only wanna dance People all holla when they hit that floor Go, cat, go  All around the world Rock and roll is on its way You can hear those jukebox jumpin' All night and all through the day  They never know time for romance They only wanna dance People all holla when they hit that floor Go, cat, go  All around the world Rock and roll is on its way You can hear those jukebox jumpin' All night and all through the day 
going home tomorrow-Little Richard[SEP]Goin' home tomorrow Can't stand your evil ways Goin' home tomorrow Can't stand your evil ways  When you're around me I'm full of misery all day  I can't go on I can't go on this way I can't go on I can't go on this way  You don't want my loving So I'm going away to stay  Don't try to find me Don't ever call me on the phone Don't try to find me Don't ever call me on the phone  I'm better off without you So won't you leave poor me alone 
wonderin'-Little Richard[SEP]I'm wonderin' Do you love me anymore Oh yeah I'm wonderin' Do you love me anymore Oh yeah  If you love me like I love you Then we can make all these dreams come true And I'll be wonderin' Oh what am I, I'm gonna do Oh yeah  I cried Yes I cried over you Oh yeah I cried 'Cause you're being Being so untrue, oh yeah  Now I know you don't love me You pretend that you do Now I'm wonderin' What am I, I'm gonna do Oh yeah  My heart is so, so full of pain Oh yeah And my soul is so, so full of pain Oh yeah  Now I know you don't love me You pretend that you do Now I'm wonderin' What am I, I'm gonna do Oh yeah 
i don't want to discuss it-Little Richard[SEP]See your bag's packed and you're ready to go There's just one thing I think that you all ought to know You're my girl, you're my girl  I don't wanna discuss it woman ain't no need to try I don't wanna discuss it baby come on baby try You're my girl, listen baby, you're my girl  I don't wanna talk about it I don't wanna hear you say I don't wanna even discuss it woman I don't wanna hear what you say 'cause you know that You're my girl, you're my girl You're my girl, you're my girl, no no  I know that you've been running 'round with another man in town Tried to put you right woman but you keep on putting me down Listen to me now, you're my girl You're my girl You're my girl get in there  I don't wanna talk about it woman 'cause I know you got another man I don't wanna say another word just get back where you're at You got to tell me 'cause You're my girl, come on baby You're my girl, you're my girl oh-oh  You're my girl You're my girl You're my girl 
it takes everything to serve the lord-Little Richard[SEP]Some want the crown But they won't bear their cross It takes everything to serve the Lord  Some want bright mansions But they won't pay the cost It takes everything to serve the Lord  It takes your hands and your head and your heart Yes, it takes you all! It takes everything to serve the Lord  It takes your time and your means and your prayers Lest you fall It takes everything to serve the Lord  Some wear His name while they still live in shame It takes everything to serve the Lord  You know who they wanna seen But they don't want to clean It takes everything to serve the Lord  It takes your hands and your head and your heart Yes, it takes you all! It takes full surrender to serve my Lord  It takes your time and your means and your prayers Lest you fall It takes everything to serve my Lord 
can't believe you wanna leave-Little Richard[SEP]I can't believe you wanna leave When you know it'd hurt me so And on bending knees I beg you please not to go  Take the vows of love we had And all the fun that we had And now you know you wanna leave Don't you know that it'd drive me mad  My life My heart My love in your hands And now you want to leave me You wanna leave me for another man  Take the vows of love we had And all the fun that we had And now - you wanna leave Now, don't you know that would drive me mad  My hear My love My life is in your hands And now - you want to leave me You wanna leave me for another man  Take the vows of love we had And all the fun that we had And now you know you wanna leave Now, don't you know that would drive me mad 
long tall sally-Little Richard[SEP]Gonna tell Aunt Mary 'bout Uncle John He claims he has the music But he has a lot of fun Oh baby Yes baby Wooh baby Havin' me some fun tonight, yeah  Well, long tall Sally She's really sweet She got everything that Uncle John need Oh baby Yes baby Wooh baby Havin' me some fun tonight, yeah  Well, I saw Uncle John with bald head Sally He saw Aunt Mary comin' And he jumped back in the alley Oh baby Yes baby Wooh baby Havin' me some fun tonight, yeah  Well, long tall Sally She's built for speed She got everything that Uncle John need Oh baby Yes baby Wooh baby Havin' me some fun tonight, yeah  Well, I saw Uncle John with bald head Sally He saw Aunt Mary comin' And he jumped back in the alley Oh baby Yes baby Wooh baby Havin' me some fun tonight, yeah  We gonna have some fun tonight Have some fun tonight, wooh Have some fun tonight Everything's all right Have some fun Have me some fun tonight 
slippin' and slidin'-Little Richard[SEP]Slippin' and a-slidin' Peepin' and a-hidin' Been told a long time ago.  Slippin' and a-slidin' Peepin' and a-hidin' Been told a long time ago.  Baby I've been told Baby You've been bold I won't be your fool no more.  Oh Big conniver Nothin' but a jiver Done got hip to your jive.  Oh Big conniver Nothin' but a jiver Done got hip to your jive.  Slippin' and a-slidin' Peepin' and a-hidin' won't be your fool no more.  Slippin' and a-slidin' Peepin' and a-hidin'  Oh Malinda She's a solid sender You know you better surrender  Oh Malinda She's a solid sender You know you better surrender  Slippin' and slidin' Peepin' and hidin' won't be your fool no more. 
ready teddy-Little Richard[SEP]Ready, set, go man go, I got a girl that I love so,  I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready to rock 'n' roll.  Going to the corner, pick up my sweetie pie, She's my rock 'n' roll baby, she's the apple of my eye,  I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready to rock 'n' roll.  All the flat top cats and the dungaree dolls, Are headed for the gym to the sock hop ball, The joint is really jumpin', the cats are going wild, The music really sends me, I dig that crazy style,  I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready to rock 'n' roll.  Going to the corner, pick up my sweetie pie, She's my rock 'n' roll baby, she's the apple of my eye,  I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready to rock 'n' roll.  All the flat top cats and the dungaree dolls, Are headed for the gym to the sock hop ball, The joint is really jumpin', the cats are going wild, The music really sends me, I dig that crazy style,  I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready to rock 'n' roll.  Gonna kick off my shoes, roll up my faded jeans, Grab my rock 'n' roll baby, pour on the steam, I shuffle to the left, I shuffle to the right, Gonna rock 'n' roll to the early, early night,  I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready teddy, I'm ready, ready, ready to rock 'n' roll. 
never gonna let you go-Little Richard[SEP]Hey, honey, you You are the sweetest But I I never tell 'Cause baby, I I wanna keep you All, all to myself  'Cause when we're all alone My heart turn upside-down, yeah Honey, I know, yeah I'm never gonna let you go Child, ow, ow, ow, ow  I, I want you to meet me I said meet me a little less than halfway And all, all you gotta do, you gotta do is treat me I said treat me like you used to do every day  'Cause when we're all alone Lord, my heart turn upside-down, yeah Honey, I know, yeah I'm never gonna let you go Child, I'm never gonna let you go, oh oh oh ooh ooh ooh I'm never gonna let you go 
the commandments of love-Little Richard[SEP](One) Thou shall not love No other one but me (Ooh ooh ooh, two) Promise me, darling That I'm the only one You give all your lovin' All your lovin' to (Ooh ooh ooh, three)  Promise to love no other one but me (Four) You promise to never You'll never leave me no more  Keep the commandments (Keep the commandments) I want you to keep the commandments (Keep the commandments) Of our love Love, love  (Five) Promise me, baby That you'll always try to keep our Our love alive (Ooh, ooh ooh ooh, six) You're the only one That I run to When I want to get my I want to get my kiss (Ooh, ooh ooh ooh, seven)  Being with you Is like being in Heaven to me (Eight) When I need some lovin', baby You should never hesitate  Keep the commandments (Keep the commandments) I want you to keep the commandments (Keep the commandments) Of our love Love, love  Never leave me, baby (Ooh ooh) Don't you know I love you, baby (Ooh ooh ooh) You know I need you, baby (Ooh ooh) When I wanna, baby, when I wanna get my kicks (Ooh ooh ooh) Oh (Ooh ooh) I want you to keep the commandments, baby (Ooh ooh ooh) 
don't deceive me (please don't go)-Little Richard[SEP]People are talking all over town They say you're tired of me Going to put me down  Please don't leave me Don't deceive me Please don't go  You know I love you You know it's true That's why you treat me The way you do  You said you loved me You said you loved me Please don't go  When I first met you No, I didn't love you I just tried to treat you nice  Since I've been with you Yes, I've learned to love you And I want you all the Rest of my life  I used to call you my lover boy You were always my pride and joy  Please don't leave me You know you'll grieve me Please don't go 
well alright!-Little Richard[SEP]Baby, I love you And you know my love is true Swim the ocean, gonna fight a tiger Do anything for you  It's alright, don't you know it's alright? Each and every day You can hear me say It's alright, oh yeah  You've been so good to me, yeah, yeah And I love your lovely way I'm moving mountain, gonna stop an airplane Do anything you say  It's alright, don't you know it's alright? Each and every day You can hear me say It's alright  Baby, baby, baby, it's alright Don't you know it's alright, oh yeah? History's alright, don't you know it's alright? Baby, baby, it's alright  Hey no, no, no, you've been so good to me Yeah, yeah, yeah and I love your lovely way I'm moving mountain, gonna stop an airplane Do anything you say  It's alright, ooh yeah Oh, each and every day You can hear me say It's alright  Well, don't you know it's alright? It's alright, it's alright Yeah, my, my, my, my, yeah  Don't you know it's alright? Baby, baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, alright  It's alright, hey, hey, hey, hey I've been missing you so long But we about together, baby And I know it's alright  Don't you know it's alright? Hey, yeah It's alright, it's alright, ooh hey Don't you know it's alright? It's alright, it's alright My, my, my, my yeah  Well, well, well, well, alright I said, we're alright, we're alright, alright, alright My, my, my, it's alright No more fussing or fight, hey, hey, hey, hey 
oh why?-Little Richard[SEP]I dreamed I was arrested Charged with a crime Forgot to plead innocent 'Cause darling, you're not mine  Oh why? Why should it happen to me? Well, I'm fine with it Have mercy on me  The policeman said maybe The judge he can agree The jury keep on guessing But the DA says it's me  Oh why? Why should it happen to me? Well, I'm fine with it Have mercy on me  The lawyer said, plead guilty And try to cop a plea But why should I try plead guilty When you don't belongs to me?  Oh why? Why should it happen to me? Well, I'm fine, have mercy Have mercy on me  The policeman said maybe The judge he can agree The jury keep on guessing But the DA says it's me  Oh why? Why should it happen to me? Well, I'm fine with it Have mercy on me 
memories are made of this-Little Richard[SEP]The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me  Take one fresh and tender kiss (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) Add one stolen night of bliss (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) One girl, one boy; some grief, some joy (I was rover, but now it's over It was a happy day when you came my way to tell me) Memories are made of this (of the sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) Don't forget a small moon beam (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) Fold in lightly with a dream Your lips and mine, two sips of wine (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) Memories are made of this (I was rover, but now it's over It was a happy day when you came my way to tell me) Then add the wedding bells, one house where lovers dwell Three little kids for the flavor, stir carefully through the days See how the flavor stays These are the dreams you will savor With His blessings from above (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) Serve it generously with love (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) One man, one wife, on love through life (I was rover, but now it's over It was a happy day when you came my way to tell me) Memories are made of this (of the sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) Memories are made of this (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me)  Take one fresh and tender kiss (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) Add one stolen night of bliss (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) One girl, one boy, some grief, some joy (I was rover, but now it's over It was a happy day when you came my way to tell me) Memories are made of this (of the sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) Don't forget a small moon beam (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) Fold in lightly with a dream Your lips and mine, two sips of wine (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) Memories are made of this (I was rover, but now it's over It was a happy day when you came my way to tell me) Then add the wedding bells, one house where lovers dwell Three little kids for the flavor. stir carefully through the days See how the flavor stays These are the dreams you will savor With His blessings from above (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) Serve it generously with love (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) One man, one wife, on love through life (I was rover, but now it's over It was a happy day when you came my way to tell me) Memories are made of this (of the sweet sweet memories you gave-a me You can't beat the memories you gave-a me) Memories are made of this (The sweet sweet memories you gave-a me) 
blueberry hill-Little Richard[SEP]I found my thrill on Blueberry Hill On Blueberry Hill when I found you The moon stood still on Blueberry Hill It lingered until my dreams came true  The wind in the willow played Love's sweet melody But all of those vows we made Were never to be  Tho' we're apart, you're part of me still For you were my thrill on Blueberry Hill  The wind in the willow played Love's sweet melody But all of those vows we made Were never to be  Tho' we're apart, you're part of me still For you were my thrill on Blueberry Hill 
baby what you want me to do-Little Richard[SEP]You got me running, you got me hiding You got me run, hide, hide, run anyway you want to let it roll Yeah, yeah, yeah You got me doin' what you want me  So baby why you want to let go  I'm goin' up, I'm goin' down Got me up, down, down, up, anyway you want to let it roll Yeah, yeah, yeah You got me doin' what you want So baby what you want to let go  Got me beeping, got me hiding Got me beep, hide, beep, hide, anyway you want to let it roll Yeah, yeah, yeah You got me doin' what you want So baby why you want to let go 
tutti frutti-Little Richard[SEP]Wop-bop-a-loo-mop alop-bom-bom Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, woo! Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, oh rutti Awop-bop-a-loo-mop alop-bom-bom  I got a girl named Sue She knows just what to do I got a girl named Sue She knows just what to do  She rock to the east She rock to the west But she's the girl that I love best  Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, woo! Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, oh rutti Awop-bop-a-loo-mop alop-bom-bom  I got a girl named Daisy She almost drive me crazy I got a girl named Daisy She almost drive me crazy  She knows how to love me Yes, indeed Boy, you don't know what she do to me  Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, woo! Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, oh rutti Awop-bop-a-loo-mop, ow!  Oh, tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, woo! Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, oh rutti Awop-bop-a-loo-mop alop-bom-bom  I got a girl named Daisy She almost drive me crazy I got a girl named Daisy She almost drive me crazy  She knows how to love me Yes, indeed Boy, you don't know what she do to me  Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, woo! Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, oh rutti Tutti frutti, oh rutti Awop-bop-a-loo-mop alop-bam-boom 
i'll never let you go-Little Richard[SEP]I'll never let you go, little darlin'. I'm so sorry ‘cause I made you cry. I'll never let you go, ‘cause I love you. So please don't ever say good-bye.  The stars would tumble down beside me, The moon would hang its head and cry. My arms would never hold another baby doll If we should ever say good-bye.  Well, I'll never let you go, Because I love you, pretty baby. I'm so sorry ‘cause I made you cry. I made you cry. Yeah, I'll never let you go, ‘Cause I love you, little baby. So please don't ever say good-bye. 
miss ann-Little Richard[SEP]Oh, oh, oh, Miss Ann, you're doin' something no-one can, Yeah, yeah, yeah, Miss Ann, you're doin' something no-one can, Because believin' and deceivin', it's drivin' me to grievin' now.  I wanna hear, hear, hear Miss Ann, I wanna hear her call my name, I wanna hear, hear, hear Miss Ann, I wanna hear her call my name, Because she keep callin' loud, but she calls it so sweet and so plain.  Well, I told Miss Ann once, and I told Miss Ann twice, Yes, I told Miss Ann once, and I told Miss Ann twice, Boys, when I'm with Miss Ann, I'm livin' in paradise.  If she thinks I'm gonna let her be free, how wrong can Miss Ann be, If she thinks I'm gonna let her be free, how wrong can Miss Ann be, I'm in love with Miss Ann, and that's the way it's gonna be. 
money honey-Little Richard[SEP]You know, the landlord rang my front door bell. I let it ring for a long, long spell. I went to the window, I peeped through the blind, And asked him to tell me what was on his mind. He said,  "Money, honey, a-huh-huh Money, honey. Money, honey, if you wanna get along with me."  Well, I screamed and I hollered, I was so hard-pressed. I called the woman that I loved the best. I finally got my baby 'bout half past three, She said I'd like to know whatcha want with me. I said,  "Money, honey, a-huh-huh Money, honey. Money, honey, if you wanna get along with me."  Well, I said "Tell me baby, what's wrong with you? From this day on our romance is through?" I said "Tell me baby, face to face How could another man take my place?" She said  "Money, honey, a-huh-huh Money, honey. Money, honey, if you wanna get along with me."  Well, I've learned my lesson and now I know The sun may shine and the winds may blow. The women may come and the women may go, But before I say "I love you so" I want  Money, honey, a-huh-huh Money, honey. Money, honey, if you wanna get along with me. 
the girl can't help it-Little Richard[SEP]She can't help it, the girl can't help it She can't help it, the girl can't help it  If she walks by, the men folks get engrossed (She can't help it, the girl can't help it) If she winks an eye, the bread slice turn to toast (She can't help it, the girl can't help it)  If she got a lot of what they call the most (She can't help it, the girl can't help it) The girl can't help it, she was born to please (She can't help it, the girl can't help it)  And if she's got a figure made to squeeze (She can't help it, the girl can't help it) Won't you kindly be aware, the girl can't help it (The girl can't help it)  If she mesmerizes, every mother's son (She can't help it, the girl can't help it) If she's smiling, beefsteak become well done (She can't help it, the girl can't help it)  She makes grandpa feel like twenty one (She can't help it, the girl can't help it) The girl can't help it, she was born to please (She can't help it, the girl can't help it)  And if I go to her on bended knees (She can't help it, the girl can't help it) Won't you kindly be aware, that I can't help it (I can't help it)  Because I'm hoping, obviously That some day, the answer would be The girl can't help it, she's in love with me (She can't help it, the girl can't help it)  If she walks by, the men folks get engrossed (She can't help it, the girl can't help it) If she winks an eye, the bread slice turn to toast (She can't help it, the girl can't help it)  She got a lot of what they call the most (She can't help it, the girl can't help it) The girl can't help it, she was born to please (She can't help it, the girl can't help it)  And if she's got a figure made to squeeze (She can't help it, the girl can't help it)  I'm hoping, obviously That some day, the answer would be The girl can't help it, she's in love with me (She can't help it, the girl can't help it) 
jenny, jenny-Little Richard[SEP]Jenny, Jenny, Jenny Won't you come along with me Jenny, Jenny, Jenny Won't you come along with me You know that I love you We could live so happily  Jenny, Jenny, Jenny Spinnin' like a spinnin' top Jenny, Jenny, Jenny Spinnin' like you ain't gonna stop The greatest little momma You oughta see her reel and rock  Jenny, Jenny, Jenny Won't you come along with me Jenny, Jenny, Jenny Won't you come along with me You know that I love you We could live so happily  Jenny, Jenny, Jenny Girl I need you by my side Jenny, Jenny, Jenny You know I need you by my side You know I need you pretty baby Your ways I gotta really abide now  Jenny, Jenny, Jenny Won't you come along with me Jenny, Jenny, Jenny Won't you come along with me You know that I love you We could live so happily 
kansas city-Little Richard[SEP]I'm goin' to Kansas City Kansas City, here I come I'm goin' to Kansas City Kansas City, here I come They've got crazy women there and I'm goin' down to get me some Well, I might take a train, I might take a plane But if I have to walk, I'm goin' just the same I'm goin' to Kansas City Kansas City, here I come They've got crazy women there and I'm goin' down to get me some  Well bye, bye bye baby bye Wooo so long, bye bye baby I'm gone Well bye, bye bye baby bye  I'm a holl'rin' and screamin' Baby please come home Well, I'm a holl'rin' and screamin' Don't you leave me all alone Well, I'm a holl'rin' and I'm screamin' Baby please come home  Well bye, bye bye baby bye Wooo so long, bye bye baby I'm gone Well bye, bye bye baby bye  Hey hey hey hey I miss my baby, I don't mean maybe I miss my baby, I don't mean maybe I miss my baby, I don't mean maybe I'll miss my baby until the day I die 
send me some lovin'-Little Richard[SEP]Send me some lovin', oh send it I pray How can I love you, when you're far away?  Send me your picture, send it my dear So I can hold it, pretend you are here  Can you send me your kisses? I still feel their touch I need you so badly, I miss you so much  My days are so lonely, my nights are so blue I'm here and I'm lonely, I'm waitin' for you 
poor dog (who can't wag his own tail)-Little Richard[SEP]Self-preservation is the first law of nature Abide by the rules of the one who made you The good Lord help those who help themselves Look out for number one before you help somebody else  'Cause it's a poor dog Now, it's a poor dog It's a poor dog can't wag his own tail He can't wag his own tail  Now, it's a mighty poor captain, can't sell his own ship And it's a poor, poor actor, can't read his own script It's a poor foundation, can't hold up a house Now, it's a mighty poor cat, can't even catch a mouse  'Cause it's a poor dog It's a poor dog It's a poor dog can't wag his own tail He can't wag his own tail  Now, a chain is no stronger than its weakest link, oh yeah Now, a man ain't no stronger than he really really thinks From little acorns, a big tree grows And it's a mighty mighty poor rooster that can't even crow  'Cause it's a poor dog It's a poor dog It's a poor dog can't wag his own tail He can't wag his own tail  Now, a poor dog, hey, yeah, yeah, yeah It's a poor dog It's a poor dog Woo, a poor dog, hey Always tend to somebody else's business And he's always mindin' somebody's business Listenin' and barkin' I can hear him howlin' He's a poor dog, woo-hoo, yeah 
all night long-Little Richard[SEP]Come on little baby been thinkin' 'bout you all day long I been workin' in the hot sun thinkin' 'bout you all day long Well I'm on my way to get ya gonna rock it 'til the break of dawn Well I just got paid and baby I'm gonna spend it all I just got paid I'll buy you any thing you want I'm on my way to get ya gonna rock it to ya all night long Well it's all night, all night long (All night, all night long) All night, all night long (All night, all night long) Come on little baby come and give it to me all night long Come on little baby let's a rock it 'til we're 'bout to fall Come on little baby let's live it up and have a ball Come on little baby come and give it to me all night long Well it's all night, all night long (All night, all night long) All night, all night long (All night, all night long) Come on little baby come and give it to me all night long Well it's all night, all night long (All night, all night long) All night, all night long (All night, all night long) Come on little baby come and give it to me all night long 
early one morning-Little Richard[SEP]Early one morning Just as the sun was rising I heard a maid sing In the valley below  O, don't deceive me O, never leave me How could you use A poor maiden so?  Gay is the garland And fresh are the roses Ive culled from the garden To place upon thy brow  O, don't deceive me O, never leave me How could you use A poor maiden so?  Remember the vows That you made to your Mary Remember the bower Where you vowed to be true  O, don't deceive me O, never leave me How could you use A poor maiden so?  Thus sang the poor maiden Her sorrows bewailling Thus sang the poor maid In the valley bellow  O, don't deceive me O, never leave me How could you use A poor maiden so? 
she's got it-Little Richard[SEP]There's a sweet little girl that lives down the street Some people think she's square but I think she's sweet You can see her every day, strolling up and down the way Looking so pretty and this is what I say  She's got it Ooh baby, she's got it Ooh baby, she's got it I can't do without her  Big blue eyes, long black hair Dimpled cheeks and she's no square  She's got it Ooh baby, she's got it Ooh baby, she's got it I can't do without her  Ruby lips, shapely hips When she walks down the street all the cats flip  She's got it Ooh baby, she's got it Ooh baby, she's got it I can't do without her  She loves to sing, hot rod queen She's real gone in everything  She's got it Ooh baby, she's got it Ooh baby, she's got it I can't do without her  She loves to sing, hot rod queen She's real gone in everything  She's got it Ooh baby, she's got it Ooh baby, she's got it I can't do without her  When the music's hot, she loves to bop She'll dance till the jukebox pop  She's got it Ooh baby, she's got it Ooh baby, she's got it I can't do without her  Yeah, she's got it Oh, oh, she's got it Ooh, she's got it Yeah, she's got it Oh, oh, oh, yeah, ah 
get down with it(cd reissue bonus track)-Little Richard[SEP]Well alright everybody Let your hair down If you got on a wig like some people take I got And this is my own beautiful hair What to do with the fellows Take it out I said  Get down with it Do the jazz Come on, baby Going to watch everybody wag I said, come on, baby I wanna everybody do the jazz  I said, come on baby It's been a long long time Baby Going to watch everybody move around I said, come on baby I wanna see everybody make some sound  Oh it's alright Singing "it's alright" Oh Yeah, my my my Singing "it's alright" My my my, yeah  Everybody raise both your hands Everybody, everywhere I said, clap your hands Everybody clap your hands Oh yeah, my my my Oh yeah, my my my  Everybody raise your right hand Everybody, everywhere I said, snap your finger Come on all girls snap your hands, come on all boys I said, snap your finger Oh yeah, yeah, yeah My my my Oh yeah, my my my  Everybody get on, hoovering on Don't be no fool, let's go Everybody, let's go, come on, get in line I said, step your feet Now listen to my beat Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah My my my Oh yeah, my my my  Oh one more time I said one more time Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah My my my oh One more time My my my [?] Hey hey hey, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah My my my Oh yeah, My my my Let's go [?] Hey yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
shake a hand-Little Richard[SEP]Just leave it to me Don't ever be ashamed Just give me a chance I'll take care of everything  Your troubles I'll share Let me know and I'll be there I'll take care of you Anyplace and anywhere  Shake a hand, shake a hand Shake a hand, shake a hand Shake a hand, shake a hand Shake a hand if you can  Be truthful to me I'll be truthful to you I'm in love with you so Till I don't know what to do  So, let's call it a day I said all I have to say Except don't forget to pray And shake a hand ev'ry day  Shake a hand, shake a hand Shake a hand, shake a hand, oh Lord Shake a hand, shake a hand Shake a hand if you can One more time  Shake a hand, shake a hand Shake a hand, shake a hand Shake a hand, shake a hand Shake a hand if you can  Shake a hand, shake a hand Shake a hand, shake a hand, oh Lord Shake a hand, shake a hand 
true fine mama-Little Richard[SEP]Oh, true fine mama, she's really on the ball, Yes, true fine mama, she's really on the ball, She hears my every plea, comes to my beckon call.  Oh, come back baby, don't leave me here, Woo, come back baby, don't leave me here, You know that I love you, don't dissappear.  Yes, true fine mama, don't go away, Yes, true fine mama, don't go away, You know that I love you, every night and day.  Well, singin' Honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, Honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, Honey, honey, honey, honey, Honey, honey, honey, honey, Honey, honey, honey, honey, Honey, honey, honey. 
only you-Little Richard[SEP]Only you Can do make all this world seem right, Only you Can do make the darkness bright, Only you, and you alone Can feel me like you do And do fill my heart with love for only you.  Only you Can do make all this change in me, For it's true You are my destiny. When you hold my hand, I understand The magic that you do, You're my dream come true, My one and only you.  Only you Can do make all this change in me, For it's true You are my destiny. When you hold my hand, I understand The magic that you do, You're my dream come true, My one and only you. 
hound dog-Little Richard[SEP]You ain't nothin' but a hound dog Just cryin' all the time You ain't nothin' but a hound dog Cryin' all the time Well, you ain't never caught a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine  Well they said you was high classed Well, that was just a lie Yeah! they said you was high classed Well, that was just a lie Girl you ain't never caught a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine  You ain't nothin' but a hound dog Just cryin' all the time You ain't nothin' but a hound dog Cryin' all the time Well, you ain't never caught a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine  Well, you ain't never caught a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine 
hey hey hey hey-Little Richard[SEP]Line up girls, I'll show you what to do This boat will sparkle like a diamond when we get through By the numbers there ain't much time We're gonna start an assembly line  Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!  You get the sandpaper, you get the pails You get the hammer, baby, you get the nails You get the paint, you get the brush 'Cause we're gonna give it the special touch  Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!  We got a magic potion that will help us win I don't know how to spell it, but dip right in Glycooxytonic phosphate, it's the latest scoop But it's alright, girls, you can call it "Goop"  Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!  Work the sandpaper, hammer that nail Tote that paintbrush and lift that pail Get a rhythm going, nice and easy Come on and use a little elbow greasey  Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!  OK, girls, when we're all through I'm gonna tell you what we're gonna do We'll fall right down and have some fun And I'm gonna kiss you all, one by one  Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Huh, Huh, Huh Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Huh, Huh, Huh Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! 
baby-Little Richard[SEP]Gonna tell Aunt Mary 'bout Uncle John He says he has the blues but he has a lotta fun Oh baby Ye-e-e-eh baby Woo-o-o-oh baby Havin' me some fun tonight  Well, long tall Sally has a lot on the balland Nobody cares if she's long and tall Oh baby Ye-e-e-eh baby Woo-o-o-oh baby Havin' me some fun tonight  Well, I saw Uncle John with long tall Sally He saw Aunt mary cummin' And he ducked back in the alley Oh baby Ye-e-e-eh baby Woo-o-o-oh baby Havin' me some fun tonight  We're gonna have some fun tonight Gonna have some fun tonight We're gonna have some fun tonight Everything will be alright We're gonna have some fun Gonna have some fun tonight We're gonna have some fun tonight Gonna have some fun tonight We're gonna have some fun tonight Everything will be alright We're gonna have some fun Gonna have some fun tonight 
rip it up-Little Richard[SEP]Well, it's Saturday night and I just got paid, Fool about my money, don't try to save, My heart says go go, have a time, Saturday night and I'm feelin' fine,  I'm gonna rock it up, I'm gonna rip it up, I'm gonna shake it up, gonna ball it up, I'm gonna rock it up, and ball tonight.  Got me a date and I won't be late, Picked her up in my 88, Shag on down by the union hall, When the joint starts jumpin' I'll have a ball, I'm gonna rock it up...  'Long about ten I'll be flying high, Walk on out unto the sky, But I don't care if I spend my dough, 'Cause tonight I'm gonna be one happy soul, I'm gonna rock it up... 
goodnight irene-Little Richard[SEP]Saturday night we got mar-arried (yeah) Me and my wi-ife settled dow-own (yeah) Now me and my wi-ife we're par-arted (yeah) Gonna take another stro-oll down tow-own  Irene goodni-i-i-ight, Irene goodni-ight Goodnight Ire-ene, Goodnight Irene I'll see you i-in my drea-eams  Sometime I live in the country babe (yeah) Sometime I li-ive down tow-own (yeah) Sometime I ta-ake a great notio-ion (yeah) To jump in the river and drow-own  Irene goodni-i-i-ight, Irene goodni-ight Goodnight Ire-ene, Goodnight Irene I'll see you i-in my drea-eams  Stop gamblin and stop all the ramblin (yeah) Stop stayin out la-ate at ni-ight (yeah) Go home to your wife and your fam'ly (yeah) Sit down by the fireside bri-ight  Sing everybody Irene goodni-i-i-ight, Irene goodni-ight Goodnight Ire-ene, Goodnight Irene I'll see you in my dreams 
lawdy miss claudie-Little Richard[SEP]Well lawdy, lawdy, lawdy miss Claudie Girl you sure look good to me But please don't excite me baby I know it can't be me  'Cause I give you all my money Yeah but you just won't treat me right You like to ball every morning Don't come home till late at night  Gonna tell, tell my mama Lord, I swear girl what you been doing to me I'm gonna tell everybody that I'm down in misery  So bye, bye, bye, baby Gal, I won't be comin' no more Goodbye little darlin' down the road I'll go So, bye, bye, bye baby Girl, I won't be comin' no more Goodbye little darlin' down the road I'll go 
milky white way-Little Richard[SEP]Yes I'm gonna walk on the milky white way Oh Lord some of these days I'm gonna walk that milky white way Some of these days well well well well I'm gonna walk up and take my stand Gonna join that Christian band I'm gonna walk on that milky white way Oh Lord, some of these days  I'm gonna tell my mother howdy, howdy, Howdy when I get home Yes, I'm gonna tell my mother howdy, When I get home well well well well I'm gonna shake my mother's hand I will shake her hands that day That's when we walk on the milky white way On some of these days  I'm gonna meet god the father and god the son Yes, I'm gonna meet god the father and god the son Well well well well I'm gonna sit down and tell Him my troubles About the world that I just came from That's when we walk on the milky white way Oh Lord, on some of these days 
i need love-Little Richard[SEP]You got'ta have lead in your pencil , baby, or it won't write You got'ta have flint in your lighter, baby, or it won't light You got'ta have the sunshine to make the flower grow You got'ta put gas in your car, baby, or it won't go But when I need some satisfaction You call on me for a quick reaction And I need love (I need love) I got'ta have love, Ow! Ow! Ow!  You got'ta have blades in your razor, baby, or you can't shave You got'ta have money in the bank, baby, or you can't save You got'ta have wings on an airplane, or it won't fly You got'ta have tears in your eyes, baby, or you can't cry But when I need some satisfaction You call on me for a quick reaction And I need love (I need love) I got'ta have love, Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!  You got'ta have glue on the envelope, or you can't seal it You got'ta have beat in the music, baby, or you can't feel it You got'ta have numbers on the telephone, or you can't dial it You got'ta have rollers in your hair, baby, or you can't style it But when I need some satisfaction You call on me for a quick reaction And I need love (I need love) I got'ta have love  I need love, baby, baby, baby (I need love) Got'ta, got'ta, got'ta (I need love) Move ya, baby (I need love) Got'ta have it, baby (I need love) Doncha know I need it, baby (I need love) Love, love to love, girl (I need love) Baby, doncha know (I need love) Baby 
short fat fanny-Little Richard[SEP]I was slippin and slidin with a long tall Sally Peekin' and a hidin', duck back in the alley Don't wanna rip it up, don't wanna dance with Annie I've got a brand new lover name is Short Fat Fannie  One day while I was visit'n at Heartbreak Hotel That's where I met Fannie and she sure looked swell I told her that I loved her and I'd never leave She put her arms around me, gave me fever  She's my tutti frutti, I love the child so She watch me like a hound dog everywhere I go Whenever I'm around her I'm on my p's and q's She might step on my blue suede shoes  Well at a honky tonk party just the other night Fannie got jealous and she started a fight At the club I was dancin' with Mary Lou I had to call Jim Dandy to the rescue  Short Fat Fanny she's my hearts desire Short Fat Fanny sets my soul on fire On Monday we were married on Blueberry Hill Now we're so happy and I love her still  She's my tutti frutti, I love the child so She watch me like a hound dog everywhere I go Whenever I'm around her I'm on my p's and q's She might step on my blue suede shoes  Well at a honky tonk party just the other night Fannie got jealous and she started a fight At the club I was dancin with Mary Lou I had to call Jim Dandy to the rescue 
directly from my heart-Little Richard[SEP]Direct Directly from my heart to you Direct Directly from my heart to you Oh, you know that I love you That's why I feel so blue  Oh, I pray Our love would last away I pray That our love would last away Yeah, we'd be so happy together But you're so far away  Well, I need (Oh, baby, need you baby) I need you by my side Well, I need Yes, I need you by my side Oh, I'd loved you little darlin' Your love I could never hide 
heeby jeebies-Little Richard[SEP]Bad luck baby put the jinx on me, I got the heeby jeebies and I can't get well, I got the heeby jeebies and it's you I gotta tell, If I can't find my baby, then you know darn well, I'm gonna ring your door till I break your bell.  You gotta jump back, jump back, heeby jeebies, Gotta get back, get back, heeby jeebies, Gotta jump back, jump back, heeby jeebies, Gotta get back, get back, heeby jeebies, Gotta jump back, jump back, heeby jeebies, Got my bad luck baby put the jinx on me.  I got the heeby jeebies 'cause I love you so, I got the heeby jeebies why do you have to go, If you don't want me, darling, just let me know, Then I won't be a fool over you know more, You gotta jump back,...  I got the heeby jeebies and I feel so sad, I got heeby jeebies why you make me mad, If you open the door and let me in, Then I won't say you put the jinx on me again, You gotta jump back,... 
cherry red-Little Richard[SEP]Run here, pretty mama Sit down on your daddy's knee I'm gonna tell everybody, baby How you've been sending me You're sending me  She got great, big legs And she [?] My way from the ground  And every time you kiss me, baby Don't you know my love, my love Come tumbling down, come running on down  Mama, if that's your secret Baby, you better keep it, you better keep it You better keep it all to yourself  Because if you tell me, tell me, tell me Tell me, tell me, tell me mama I'm gonna surely, surely tell somebody else Gonna tell somebody else [?]  I said take me, pretty mama Oh, I want you to rock me [?] rock me, baby Throw me in that big brass bed  I want you to rock me, rock me Rock me, rock me, rock me, mama Until my face turn cherry, cherry red Cherry red, cherry red, cherry red I said cherry red  I want you to hug me, mama Kiss me and hug me and Throw me in your big brass bed 
keep a knockin'-Little Richard[SEP]Keep a-knocking but you can't come in Keep a-knocking but you can't come in, woo Keep a-knocking but you can't come in Come back tomorrow night and try it again  You said you love me but you can't come in You said you love me but you can't come in, woo You said you love me but you can't come in Come back tomorrow night and try it again  Keep a-knocking but you can't come in Keep a-knocking but you can't come in woo Keep a-knocking but you can't come in Come back tomorrow night and try it again  Keep a-knocking but you can't come in Keep a-knocking but you can't come in, woo Keep a-knocking but you can't come in Come back tomorrow night and try it again, yeah  You said you love me but you can't come in You said you love me but you can't come in You said you love me but you can't come in Come back tomorrow night and try it again, yeah  Keep a-knocking but you can't come in, yeah Keep a-knocking but you can't come in, woo Keep a-knocking but you can't come in Come back tomorrow night and try it again, woo 
lonesome and blue-Little Richard[SEP]Alone and lonesome, I'm sad and I'm blue Just thinking of you and the love that we knew How well I remember when I told you that day I wanted my freedom, I was going away  Now that I'm free I'm lonesome and blue I just can't forget all the love that we knew I let someone's kisses lead my heart astray I said I'd forget you that was easy to say  I'll always love you though we're far apart I just can't hide these tears in my heart So clearly in dream I can vision your face In hurts me to know someone's taken my place  Now that I'm free I'm lonesome and blue I just can't forget all the love that we knew I let someone's kisses lead my heart astray I said I'd forget you that was easy to say 
by the light of the silvery moon-Little Richard[SEP]By the light of the silvery moon I wanna spoon To my honey I'll croon love's tune Honey moon, keep a-shinin' in June Your silv'ry beams will bring love's dreams We'll be cuddlin' soon by the silvery moon 
chicken little baby-Little Richard[SEP]Well, I got the blues My baby's gonna shout for joy, shout for joy Yeah, I got the blues My baby's gonna shout for joy Well, she says I'm her baby She calls me her Little Richard Boy Yes, I got a chicken little baby I got a chicken little baby C'mon, I got a chicken little baby Yeah, I got a chicken little baby Uh-um, I got a chicken little baby Everybody wants her now, well  Well, tonight I stand with my heart in my hand Yeah, tonight I stand with my heart in my hand If I can't be your baby, I won't be your lovin' man Yes, I got a chicken little baby I got a chicken little baby C'mon, I got a chicken little baby Yeah, I got a chicken little baby Uh-um, I got a chicken little baby Everybody wants her now  Yes, I got a chicken little baby I got a chicken little baby C'mon, I got a chicken little baby Yeah, I got a chicken little baby Uh-um, I got a chicken little baby Everybody wants her now 
a whole lotta shakin' goin' on-Little Richard[SEP]I said come on over baby, a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on Yeah I said come on over baby, a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on Well we ain't fakin', a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on  Mmm, I said come on over baby, we got chickens in the barn Whose barn, what barn, my barn I said come on over baby, we got the bull by the horns Yeah, we ain't fakin', a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on  Well, I said shake baby, shake I said shake, baby shake now I said shake it baby, shake I said shake it baby, shake We ain't fakin', a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on  Well, I said come on over baby, a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on I said come on over baby, a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on We ain't fakin', a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on  Well my mom-mom-mom, I said shake baby, shake I said shake baby, shake it I said shake baby, shake all right I said shake baby, shake We ain't fakin', a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on  Well, I said come on over baby, a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on I said come on over baby, a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on We ain't fakin', a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on  Easy now  I said shake baby, shake I said shake, baby shake now I said shake it baby, shake uh huh I said shake it baby, shake, bop bop We ain't fakin', a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on Yeh,  Well, I said come on over baby, a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on I said come on over baby, a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on We ain't fakin', a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on  I said shake baby, shake I said shake, baby shake now I said shake it baby, shake uh huh I said shake it baby, shake, bop bop We ain't fakin', a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on  I said shake baby, shake I said shake, baby shake now I said shake it baby, shake uh huh I said shake it baby, shake, bop bop We ain't fakin', a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on  I said shake baby, shake I said shake baby, shake We ain't fakin', a-whole lot-ta shakin' goin' on  Shake it out 
land of a thousand dances-Little Richard[SEP]One, two, three One, two, three  Ow! Do it! Alright! Uh!  Got to know how to Pony Like Bony Moronie  Mash Potato Do The Alligator  Put your hand on your hips, yeah Let your backbone slip  Do the Watusi Like my little Lucy  Ow! Uh! Na, na-na-na-na Na-na-na Na-na-na Na-na-na Na-na-na-na I need somebody help me say it one time!  Na, na-na-na-na Na-na-na Na-na-na Na-na-na Na-na-na-na  Wow-ow!  Ow! Uh! You know I feel alright? H'uh! Feel pretty good y'all Uh-h'uh!  Na, na-na-na-na Na-na-na Na-na-na Na-na-na Na-na-na-na C'mon ya'all, let's say it one mo' time!  Na, na-na-na-na Na-na-na Na-na-na Na-na-na Na-na-na-na  Ooh!  Dancin' in the alley With Long Tall Sally  Twistin with Lucy Doin' the Watusi  Roll over on your back I like it like that  Do that Jerk, oh Watch me work, ya'all  Ow! Do it!  Wow! Do it!  Watch me do it  Ooh, help me! Ooh, help me!  Oh, help me! Ooh, help me! 
ooh! my soul-Little Richard[SEP]Baby baby baby baby baby, Don't you know my love is true, Honey honey honey honey honey, Get up off of that money, Love love love love love, Ooh! my soul.  Baby baby baby baby baby, Don't you know my love is true, Honey honey honey honey honey, Get up off of that money, Kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss, Ooh! my soul.  Baby baby baby baby baby, Don't you know my love for you, Honey honey honey honey honey, Get up off of that money, Love love love love love, Ooh! my soul.  Gimmie gimmie gimmie gimmie gimmie, Gimmie all the love you got, Gimmie gimmie gimmie gimmie gimmie, You got the best of lovin' now, Love love love love love, Ooh! my soul. 
just a closer walk with thee-Little Richard[SEP]I am weak but Thou art strong Jesus keep me from all wrong I'll be satisfied as long As I walk, let me walk close to Thee  Just a closer walk with Thee Grant it, Jesus, is my plea Daily walking close to Thee Let it be, dear Lord, let it be  When my feeble life is o'er Time for me shall be no more Guide me gently, safely o'er To Thy kingdom?s shore, to Thy shore  When life's sun sinks in the west Lord, may I have done my best May I find sweet peace and rest In that happy home of the blessed  Just a closer walk with Thee Grant it, Jesus, is my plea Daily walking close to Thee Let it be, dear Lord, let it be 
maybe i'm right-Little Richard[SEP]Maybe he's right Maybe I'm wrong Maybe what I'm saying is the way it should be Nobody knows when the truth goes by But everyone tells me that he's happy  Maybe he's gone and found some love I want to see it for myself Everyone says just to let him alone But I can't even sleep no more it worries me so  Why Why  Maybe I'm right Maybe he's wrong And maybe what he's saying is the way it should be Somebody tried to explain it to me But they couldn't tell me if he's happy And I just want to know if he's still happy 
function at the junction-Little Richard[SEP]I'm getting ready for the function at the junction Brother, you'd better come on right now Because everybody's gonna be there We got people comin' from everywhere  We got Ling Ting Tong from China Long Tall Sally from Carolina We got 007, the private eye And he's bringin' all the guys from "I Spy"  Tell one, tell all, we gonna have a ball Tell 'em bout the the function at the junction Sister, you'd better come on right now Talkin' 'bout that function at the junction Brother, you'd better come on right now  We serving egg foo yung and barbecue We got chicken dumplings and kidney stew We gonna make big fun till the break of dawn Gonna shake a tailfeather shoot, it's gonna be a run  Hold a shotgun on the rooster, and dare him to crow Tell anybody sleepin say, get out on that floor  Tell one, tell all, we gonna have a ball Tell 'em bout the the function at the junction Sister, you'd better come on right now Tell 'em 'bout that function at the junction Brother, you'd better come on right now  We got soul brothers, Jitterbugs Hip cats with crazy hats Pretty girls with pretty smiles All decked out in the latest styles Memphis Slim and Guitar Jim Betty Boop and ooo-boop-e-doop Mohair Sam from Alabam Minnesota Fats from Hobo Flats Gravitatin' Hip-shakin' cuties now Talkin' bout some fascinatin' devastatin' beauties now They all be gathering here, from far and near  For the Function at the Junction Tell 'em bout the the function at the junction Sister, you'd better come on right now Tell 'em 'bout that function at the junction Brother, you'd better come on right now  I'm getting' ready for the Function at the Junction Sister, you'd better come on right now Tell 'em 'bout that function at the junction Brother, you'd better come on right now For the function at the junction 
money (that's what i want)-Little Richard[SEP]You know, the landlord rang my front door bell I let it ring for a long, long spell I went to the window I peeped through the blind And asked him to tell me what was on his mind He said  Money, honey, a-huh-huh Money, honey Money, honey If you want to get along with me  Well, I screamed "Fella, what's wrong with you? From this day on our romance is through?" I said "Tell me baby, [?] that you played How could another man take my place?" She said  Money, honey, a-huh-huh Money, honey Money, honey If you want to get along with me  Well, I screamed "Fella, what's wrong with you? From this day on our romance is through?" I said "Tell me baby, [?] that you played How could another man take my place?" She said  Money, honey, a-huh-huh Money, honey Money, honey If you want to get along with me 
i'm just a lonely guy-Little Richard[SEP]I'm all alone Alone in this world I'm all alone And I lost my only girl  I'm all alone Yes, I need some one to love I'm all alone Alone in this world  Once I had a love [?] But that love struck me She up and put me down  I'm just a lonely A lonely, lonely guy A lonely guy in this town Oh, yes A lonely guy in this town  If my baby Can't be found I'm going to the river Jump overboard and drown  I'm just a lonely A lonely, lonely guy I feel so low down Oh, feel so low down  If my baby Can't be found Yes, I'm going to the river Jump overboard and drown  I'm just a lonely A lonely, lonely guy And I feel so low down Oh, yes, so low down 
baby face-Little Richard[SEP]Mmm baby face You've got the cutest little mmm baby face There's not another who could take your place Mmm baby face My poor heart's jumpin' You sure have started somethin'  Mmm baby face I'm up in heaven When I'm in your firm embrace I didn't need a shove 'cause I I fell in love with your pretty baby face  Mmm baby face You've got the cutest little Mmm baby face There's not another who could take your place Mmm hmm baby face My poor heart's jumpin' You sure have started somethin'  Mmm baby face I'm up in heaven When I'm in your firm embrace I didn't need a shove 'cause I I fell in love with your pretty baby face  Mmm baby face You got the cutest baby face There's not another who could take your place My poor heart's jumpin' You sure have started somethin' You start my heart a jumpin'  Mmm baby face I'm up in heaven When I'm in your firm embrace I didn't need a shove 'cause I fell in love With your pretty baby face 
i'm real-Jennifer Lopez[SEP]Called you on the phone Said I'm coming through Hope you're all alone 'Cause I got plans for you We could stay at home or dance and hand all night As long as I'm with you It doesn't matter what we do Don't ask me where I've been Or what I'm gonna do Just know that I'm here with you Don't try to understand Baby, there's no mystery Cause you know how I am  I'm real, what you get is what you see What you trying to do to me You want to say your mine Be with me all the time You're falling so in love Say you just can't get enough You're telling all your friends  You like the way I dress The way I wear my hair Show me off to all your friends Baby, I don't care Just as long as you tell them who I am Tell them I'm the one that made you give a damn Don't ask where I've been Or what I'm gonna do Just know that I'm here with you Don't try to understand Baby, there's no mystery Cause you know how I am  I'm real, what you get is what you see What you trying to do to me You want to say your mine Be with me all the time You're falling so in love Say you just can't get enough You're telling all your friends 
heartbreak hotel-Whitney Houston[SEP]This is the heartbreak hotel [9x] You said that you'd be here by nine And said you took your time You didn't think to call me boy Here I sit trying not to cry Asking myself why you do this to me  [Chorus 1 (sung by Faith Evans)]  Since you're not around for me to tell you baby face to face I'm writing you this letter, and this is what I have to say All I really wanted was some of your time Instead you told me lies When someone else was on your mind What you do to me Look what you did to me I thought that you were someone who would do me right Until you play with my emotions and you made me cry What you do to me Can't take what you did to me  Now I see that you been doing wrong You played me all along And made a fool of me, baby You got it all wrong to think that I wouldn't find out That you were cheating on me How could you do it to me?  [Chorus 2 (sung by Kelly Price)]  This is the heartbreak hotel [9x] Chorus and ad lib I ain't going to take it no more [4x] [Kelly Price] Everything you said was a lie Don't lie to me [fade out] 
i will always love you-Whitney Houston[SEP]If I should stay I would only be in your way So I'll go but I know I'll think of you every step of the way  And I... will always love you, ooh Will always love you You My darling, you... Mmm-mm  Bittersweet memories – That is all I'm taking with me So good-bye Please don't cry: We both know I'm not what you, you need  And I... will always love you I... will always love you You, ooh  [Instrumental / Sax solo]  I hope life treats you kind And I hope you have all you've dreamed of And I wish you joy and happiness But above all this I wish you love  And I... will always love you I will always love you I will always love you I will always love you  I will always love you I, I will always love you  You Darling, I love you I'll always... I'll always love you Ooh Ooh 
baby got back-Sir Mix-a-Lot[SEP]Oh, my, god. Becky, look at her butt. It is so big. [scoff] She looks like one of those rap guys' girlfriends. But, you know, who understands those rap guys? [scoff] They only talk to her, because, she looks like a total prostitute, 'kay? I mean, her butt, is just so big. I can't believe it's just so round, it's like, out there, I mean— gross. Look! She's just so... black!  [Sir Mix-a-Lot:] I like big butts and I can not lie You other brothers can't deny That when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist And a round thing in your face You get sprung, wanna pull up tough 'Cause you notice that butt was stuffed Deep in the jeans she's wearing I'm hooked and I can't stop staring Oh baby, I wanna get with you And take your picture My homeboys tried to warn me But that butt you got makes me so horny Ooh, Rump-o'-smooth-skin You say you wanna get in my Benz? Well, use me, use me 'Cause you ain't that average groupie I've seen them dancin' To hell with romancin' She's sweat, wet, Got it goin' like a turbo 'Vette I'm tired of magazines Sayin' flat butts are the thing Take the average black man and ask him that She gotta pack much back So, fellas! (Yeah!) Fellas! (Yeah!) Has your girlfriend got the butt? (Hell yeah!) Tell 'em to shake it! (Shake it!) Shake it! (Shake it!) Shake that healthy butt! Baby got back!  (LA face with Oakland booty) Baby got back! (LA face with Oakland booty) (LA face with Oakland booty)  [Sir Mix-a-Lot:] I like 'em round, and big And when I'm throwin' a gig I just can't help myself, I'm actin' like an animal Now here's my scandal I wanna get you home And ugh, double-up, ugh, ugh I ain't talkin' bout Playboy 'Cause silicone parts are made for toys I want 'em real thick and juicy So find that juicy double Mix-a-Lot's in trouble Beggin' for a piece of that bubble So I'm lookin' at rock videos Knock-kneed bimbos walkin' like hoes You can have them bimbos I'll keep my women like Flo Jo A word to the thick soul sisters, I wanna get with ya I won't cuss or hit ya But I gotta be straight when I say I wanna [moan] Till the break of dawn Baby got it goin' on A lot of simps won't like this song 'Cause them punks like to hit it and quit it And I'd rather stay and play 'Cause I'm long, and I'm strong And I'm down to get the friction on So, ladies! (Yeah!) Ladies! (Yeah) If you wanna roll in my Mercedes (Yeah!) Then turn around! Stick it out! Even white boys got to shout Baby got back!  Baby got back! Yeah, baby... when it comes to females, Cosmo ain't got nothin' to do with my selection. 36-24-36? Ha ha, only if she's 5'3".  [Sir Mix-a-Lot:] So your girlfriend rolls a Honda, playin' workout tapes by Fonda But Fonda ain't got a motor in the back of her Honda My anaconda don't want none Unless you've got buns, hun You can do side bends or sit-ups, But please don't lose that butt Some brothers wanna play that "hard" role And tell you that the butt ain't gold So they toss it and leave it And I pull up quick to retrieve it So Cosmo says you're fat Well I ain't down with that! 'Cause your waist is small and your curves are kickin' And I'm thinkin' bout stickin' To the beanpole dames in the magazines: You ain't it, Miss Thing! Give me a sister, I can't resist her Red beans and rice didn't miss her Some knucklehead tried to diss 'Cause his girls are on my list He had game but he chose to hit 'em And I pull up quick to get wit 'em So ladies, if the butt is round, And you want a triple X throw down, Dial 1-900-MIXALOT And kick them nasty thoughts Baby got back! Baby got back!  (Little in the middle but she got much back) [4x] 
dizzy-Tommy Roe[SEP]Dizzy I'm so dizzy my head is spinning Like a whirlpool, it never ends And it's you, girl, making it spin You're making me dizzy  First time that I saw you, girl I knew that I just had to make you mine But it's so hard to talk to you With fellas hanging 'round you all the time  I want you for my sweet pet But you keep playing hard to get I'm going around in circles all the time  Dizzy I'm so dizzy my head is spinning Like a whirlpool, it never ends And it's you, girl, making it spin You're making me dizzy  I finally got to talk to you And I told you just exactly how I felt Then I held you close to me And kissed you and my heart began to melt  Girl, you've got control on me 'Cause I'm so dizzy I can't see I need to call a doctor for some help  Dizzy I'm so dizzy my head is spinning Like a whirlpool, it never ends And it's you, girl, making it spin You're making me dizzy, my head is spinning Like a whirlpool it never ends And it's you girl making it spin  You're making me dizzy You're making me dizzy I'm so dizzy You're making me dizzy 
philadelphia freedom-Elton John[SEP]I used to be a rolling stone You know if the cause was right I'd leave to find the answer on the road I used to be a heart beating for someone But the times have changed The less I say the more my work gets done  `Cause I live and breathe this Philadelphia freedom From the day that I was born I've waved the flag Philadelphia freedom took me knee-high to a man Yeah gave me peace of mind my daddy never had  Oh Philadelphia freedom shine on me, I love you Shine a light through the eyes of the ones left behind Shine a light shine a light Shine a light won't you shine a light Philadelphia freedom I love you, yes I do  If you choose to you can live your life alone Some people choose the city Some others choose the good old family home I like living easy without family ties Till the whippoorwill of freedom zapped me Right between the eyes 
crocodile rock-Elton John[SEP]I remember when rock was young Me and Suzie had so much fun Holding hands and skimming stones Had an old gold Chevy and a place of my own  But the biggest kick I ever got Was doing a thing called "The Crocodile Rock" While the other kids were rocking 'round the clock We were hopping and bopping to the Crocodile Rock  Well Crocodile Rocking is something shocking When your feet just can't keep still I never knew me a better time and I guess I never will Oh Lawdy Mama those Friday nights When Suzie wore her dresses tight And the Crocodile Rocking was out of sight  But the years went by and the rock just died Suzie went and left us for some foreign guy Long nights crying by the record machine Dreaming of my Chevy and my old blue jeans  But they'll never kill the thrills we've got Burning up to the Crocodile Rock Learning fast as the weeks went past We really thought the Crocodile Rock would last  Well Crocodile Rocking is something shocking When your feet just can't keep still I never knew me a better time and I guess I never will Oh Lawdy Mama those Friday nights When Suzie wore her dresses tight And the Crocodile Rocking was out of sight  I remember when rock was young Me and Suzie had so much fun Holding hands and skimming stones Had an old gold Chevy and a place of my own  But the biggest kick I ever got Was doing a thing called "The Crocodile Rock" While the other kids were rocking 'round the clock We were hopping and bopping to the Crocodile Rock  Well Crocodile Rocking is something shocking When your feet just can't keep still I never knew me a better time and I guess I never will Oh Lawdy Mama those Friday nights When Suzie wore her dresses tight And the Crocodile Rocking was out of sight 
something about the way you look tonight-Elton John[SEP]There was a time I was everything and nothing all in one When you found me I was feeling like a cloud across the sun  I need to tell you How you light up every second of the day But in the moonlight You just shine like a beacon on the bay  And I can't explain But it's something about the way you look tonight Takes my breath away It's that feeling I get about you, deep inside And I can't describe But it's something about the way you look tonight Takes my breath away The way you look tonight  With a smile You pull the deepest secrets from my heart In all honesty I'm speechless and I don't know where to start 
bennie and the jets-Elton John[SEP]Hey, kids, shake it loose together The spotlight's hitting something That's been known to change the weather We'll kill the fatted calf tonight So stick around You're gonna hear electric music Solid walls of sound  Say, Candy and Ronnie. Have you seen them yet? Ooh, but they're so spaced out Bennie and the Jets Oh, but they're weird and they're wonderful Oh, Bennie. She's really keen She's got electric boots, a mohair suit You know I read it in a magazine Bennie and the Jets  Hey, kids, plug into the faithless Maybe they're blinded But Bennie makes them ageless We shall survive, let us take ourselves along Where we fight our parents out in the streets To find who's right and who's wrong  Oh, Candy and Ronnie. Have you seen them yet? Ooh, but they're so spaced out Bennie and the Jets Oh, but they're weird and they're wonderful Oh, Bennie. She's really keen She's got electric boots, a mohair suit You know I read it in a magazine Bennie and the Jets  Oh, Candy and Ronnie. Have you seen them yet? Ooh, but they're so spaced out Bennie and the Jets Oh, but they're weird and they're wonderful Oh, Bennie. She's really keen She's got electric boots, a mohair suit You know I read it in a magazine Bennie and the Jets  Bennie, Bennie and the Jets Bennie, Bennie, Bennie, Bennie and the Jets Bennie, Bennie, Bennie, Bennie, Bennie and the Jets Bennie, Bennie, Bennie, Bennie and the Jets Bennie, Bennie and the Jets 
truly madly deeply-Savage Garden[SEP]I'll be your dream I'll be your wish I'll be your fantasy I'll be your hope I'll be your love Be everything that you need  I'll love you more with every breath Truly, madly, deeply do I will be strong I will be faithful 'Cause I'm counting on A new beginning A reason for living A deeper meaning, yeah  I wanna stand with you on a mountain I wanna bathe with you in the sea I wanna lay like this forever Until the sky falls down on me  And when the stars are shining brightly in the velvet sky, I'll make a wish, send it to heaven then make you want to cry The tears of joy for all the pleasure and the certainty That we're surrounded by the comfort and protection of the highest powers In lonely hours The tears devour you  I wanna stand with you on a mountain I wanna bathe with you in the sea I wanna lay like this forever Until the sky falls down on me  Oh, can you see it, baby? You don't have to close your eyes 'Cause it's standing right before you All that you need will surely come  I'll be your dream I'll be your wish I'll be your fantasy I'll be your hope I'll be your love Be everything that you need  I'll love you more with every breath Truly, madly, deeply do (I love you)  I wanna stand with you on a mountain I wanna bathe with you in the sea I wanna lay like this forever Until the sky falls down on me  I wanna stand with you on a mountain I wanna bathe with you in the sea I want to live like this forever Until the sky falls down on me 
because you loved me-Celine Dion[SEP]For all those times you stood by me For all the truth that you made me see For all the joy you brought to my life For all the wrong that you made right For every dream you made come true For all the love I found in you I'll be forever thankful baby You're the one who held me up Never let me fall You're the one who saw me through through it all  You were my strength when I was weak You were my voice when I couldn't speak You were my eyes when I couldn't see You saw the best there was in me Lifted me up when I couldn't reach You gave me faith 'cause you believed I'm everything I am Because you loved me  Ooh, baby  You gave me wings and made me fly You touched my hand, I could touch the sky I lost my faith, you gave it back to me You said no star was out of reach You stood by me and I stood tall I had your love, I had it all I'm grateful for each day you gave me Maybe I don't know that much But I know this much is true I was blessed because I was loved by you  You were my strength when I was weak You were my voice when I couldn't speak You were my eyes when I couldn't see You saw the best there was in me Lifted me up when I couldn't reach You gave me faith 'cause you believed I'm everything I am Because you loved me  You were always there for me The tender wind that carried me A light in the dark shining your love into my life You've been my inspiration Through the lies you were the truth My world is a better place because of you  You were my strength when I was weak You were my voice when I couldn't speak You were my eyes when I couldn't see You saw the best there was in me Lifted me up when I couldn't reach You gave me faith 'cause you believed I'm everything I am Because you loved me  You were my strength when I was weak You were my voice when I couldn't speak (My voice.) You were my eyes when I couldn't see You saw the best there was in me Lifted me up when I couldn't reach You gave me faith 'cause you believed I'm everything I am Because you loved me  I'm everything I am Because you loved me 
playing with girls-ACDC[SEP]Highball women that are, hot to touch Legs do the talking, spelling out the lust See the sugar daddies with a sweet tooth and smile See what's hanging off him like a, wanting child That's where you'll find me, standing proud  Playing with girls, gonna get you hot Playing with guns, gonna get you shot Playing with fire, gonna heat you up Playing with me, you're gonna get the lot  Bring on the showgirls and the, debutantes Late night waitress in a, restaurant Heading for the clubs and bars, with the flashing lights Looking for the good time girls in their black nylon tights Over the barrel, bottoms up  Playing with girls, gonna get you hot Playing with guns, gonna get you shot Playing with fire, gonna heat you up Playing with me, you're gonna get the lot  River run dry, yeah yeah playing with fire Wild sweet child Playing with girls, playing with girls  Playing, playing, playing with girls, playing with girls  I like tall girls but I'll take em small I want em all up front, I like em all I wanna see em' strut their stuff And lose their social grace You play your cards right and you'll deal yourself an ace That's where you'll find me, standing proud  Playing with girls, playing with girls Playing with girls, playing with girls You got the long girl, short girl Nothing but the bad girl Just playing with girls  I want all the women in the world 
the jack-ACDC[SEP]She gave me the Queen She gave me the King She was wheelin' and dealin' Just doin' her thing She was holdin' a pair But I had to try Her Deuce was wild But my Ace was high But how was I to know That she'd been dealt with before Said she'd never had a Full House But I should have known From the tattoo on her left leg And the garter on her right She'd have the card to bring me down If she played it right  She's got the jack, she's got the jack She's got the jack, she's got the jack She's got the jack, she's got the jack She's got the jack, she's got the jack She's got the jack, jack, jack, jack, jack, jack, jack She's got the jack  Poker face was her name Poker face was her nature Poker straight was her game If she knew she could get you She played 'em fast And she played 'em hard She could close her eyes And feel every card But how was I to know That she'd been shuffled before Said she'd never had a Royal Flush But I should have known That all the cards were comin' From the bottom of the pack And if I'd known what she was dealin' out I'd have dealt it back  She's got the jack, she's got the jack She's got the jack, and who knows what else? She's got the jack, yeah, yeah She's got the jack, she's got the jack She's got the jack, she's got the jack She's got the jack, jack, jack, jack, jack, jack, jack She's got the jack  She's got the jack, she's got the jack, Ooh, It was a bad deal, (Jack) She gave me the (Jack), hey She's got the (Jack), she's got the (Jack) She's got the (Jack), ooh can't you tell She's got the (Jack, jack, jack, jack, jack, jack, jack, jack) (She's got the jack, she's got the Jack) She's got the jack, she's got the Jack She's got the jack, you never know! She's got the jack, she's got the jack She's got the jack She's got the jack, and it hurts! (She's got the jack) She's got the jack, jack, jack, jack, jack, jack, jack She's got the jack Aaaaaah!  Oooooh! Thank you, thank you, thank you people, thank you, thank you I'm glad you like the show, yes, thank you very much folks. Goodnight and God bless! 
bonny-ACDC[SEP]The song in question is loch lomond, which goes something like the following: I'll take the high road And you'll take the low road And I'll be in scotland afore ye But me and my true love Will never meet again On the bonny, bonny banks of loch lomond 
spellbound-ACDC[SEP]Blinded by a bright beam Shattered by the windscreen Stunned by the whiplash I'm a victim of a bad crash I can't do nothin' right I never sleep at night Can't even start a fight My feet have left the ground Spinnin' round and round Spellbound My world keeps a tumblin' down Spellbound My world keeps a tumblin' down  Beaten by a blind bend Wrong way up a dead end Screamin' through a speed trap As I tear into a tail back You know I can't do nothin' right No I never sleep at night And I can't even start a fight Well my feet have left the ground Spinnin' round and round Spellbound My world keeps a tumblin' down Spellbound My world keeps a tumblin' down It keeps a tumblin' down C'mon slide  I'm slippin' down I got my hands in the fire  I'm slidin' on a oil slick Burnin' on a bad trip Yes and nothin's gonna change it No I can't do nothin' right Can't even sleep at night My feet have left the ground I'm spinnin' round and round Spellbound My world keeps a tumblin' down Spellbound My world keeps a tumblin' down Spellbound My world keeps a tumblin' down, down down Spellbound My world Keeps a tumblin' Down 
rising power-ACDC[SEP]Dog day Tuesday Hope that girl she come today Hard life it's a city life Sweat keep pourin' down I've got my feet up like to love Through the dawn till I've blown All I want's her lovin' down Love the way she move around Need no excuse To let it all hang loose My body's blown a fuse Rising power We'll raise the night Rising power Rising power We'll wake the dead Rising power  You've got a love life up all night Darkest hour at the dead of night Seen her walkin' down the street The kind of woman that brings on heat Loved her dusk till dawn Come the morning she was gone Took me out to my surprise Money's gone left high and dry Need no excuse To let it all hang loose My body's blown a fuse Rising power We'll raise the night Rising power Rising power We'll wake the dead Rising power You'll end up torn to shreds  Don't need no excuse My body's blown a fuse Rising power We'll raise the night Rising power Rising power We'll wake the dead Rising power You'll end up torn to shreds  Rise Rise Rise Rising power The power rise From you 
guns for hire-ACDC[SEP]The word is out that I'm about And I've come gunnin' for you I'm a real entertainer a mischief maker A lover of no fixed abode Ooh quick draw on the floor No law give you more Sweet talkin' lover of sin You want what you get You get what you want Look out woman I got gun's for hire Shoot you with desire The gun's for hire Shoot you with desire I'm a wanted poster a needed man Wanted right across the land I'm a smooth operator a big dictator Gonna mark you with my brand My gun's for hire Shoot you with desire Got gun's for hire Shoot you with desire Quick draw On the floor Big shot  Stick em' up  Hot to trot big shot take the lot Never get the drop on me I'm a real entertainer mischief maker Love in seven languages My gun's for hire Shoot you with desire This gun's for hire I shoot you with desire My gun's for hire Shoot you with desire Got gun's for hire Shoot you with desire  What you got Big shot You can't get You can't get the drop On me 
hard times-ACDC[SEP]Feeling low Going down slow Make you quake Make a body shake Trying to hold you down They can't push you around They try to hold you back Getting on the right track  Hard times Blue and sad Don't you cross the line Run, run make it fun Freeing up the time  Hidey plumping Feet are jumping This heart a loving Keeps me running They try to hold you down They can't push you around Trying to hold you back Getting on the right track  Hard times Blue and sad Don't you cross the line Run, run make it fun Freeing up the time Hard times Get on top Follow me down the line Hard times Get online Make a grown man blind  Hard times, these hard times Sure ain't been good to me Hard times, hard times Sure been misery  Hard times Blue and sad Don't you cross the line Run, run make it fun Freeing up the time Hard times Get on time Follow me down the line Hard times Get online Make a grown man blind 
walk all over you-ACDC[SEP]Out of my way I'm a running high Take a chance with me and a give it a try Ain't no woman in the world unknown 'Cause I ain't lookin' for overflow  Oh, baby I ain't got much Resistance to your touch Take off the high heels let down your hair Paradise ain't far from there  I wanna walk all over you (walk all over you) I wanna walk all over you (walk all over you) Do anything you want me to (walk all over you) baby I wanna walk all over you  Reflections on the bedroom wall And there you thought you'd seen it all We're rising falling like the sea You're lookin' so good under me  I'm gonna walk all over you (walk all over you) I'm gonna walk all over you (walk all over you) Do anything you want me to (walk all over you) to you I wanna walk all over You  Moanin' groanin' stirring it up So gimme the stage I'm gonna steal the show Leave on the lace and turn off the light Tonight is gonna be that night  I'm gonna walk all over you (walk all over you) I'm gonna walk all over you (walk all over you) Do anything you want me to (walk all over you) I'm gonna walk all over You  I'm gonna walk all over you 
can't stand still-ACDC[SEP]When I see a pretty woman You know it gives me a thrill And she's a tailor made to order You know I can't stand still And you won't need a doctor 'Cause it'll cure all ills  And when I hear a noisy party You know it gives me a chill It gets me rockin' and a rollin' And I can't stand still From morning 'till midnight You know I can't stand still  You know I can't stand still I can't stand still You know I can't stand still I can't stand still From morning 'till midnight You know I can't stand still, oh yeah  When it comes to sippin' honey You know I drink my fill And I'll be dancin' on the water You know I can't stand still From morning 'till midnight You know I can't stand still  You know I can't stand still I can't stand still I can't stand still You know I can't stand still From morning 'till midnight You know I can't stand still  You know I can't stand still I can't stand still Baby I can't stand still I just can't stand still From morning 'till midnight You know I can't You know I can't stand still  Thank you lads, thank you lads, thank you 
can i sit next to you girl-ACDC[SEP]Well I met this girl for the first time on Saturday night Standing in the queue at the Odeon alright Oh I took her by surprise When I gave her one of my lines She started smiling at me real fine, ha That's when I said  Can I sit next to you girl, can I sit next to you girl Can I sit next to you girl, can I sit next to you girl Can I sit next to you?  Intermission, we were doing alright 'Til this guy came up and stood by her side Oh I took him by surprise When I gave him one of my lines She started smiling at me real fine And that's when I said  Can I sit next to you girl, can I sit next to you girl Can I sit next to you girl, can I sit next to you girl Can I sit next to you, can I sit next to you Yeah, I wanna So let me!  Can I sit next to you, girl, can I sit next to you, girl Can I sit next to you, girl, can I sit next to you, girl Can I sit next to you, and then take you home Can I sit next to you, girl, can I sit next to you, girl Can I sit next to you, lick your ear Can I sit next to you, girl, can I sit next to you, girl C'mon!  Can I sit next to you, girl, can I sit next to you, girl Can I sit next to you, girl, can I sit next to you, girl Can I sit next to you, girl, can I sit next to you, girl Can I sit next to you, girl, can I sit next to you, girl Can I sit next to you, girl, can I? 
rockin' in the parlour-ACDC[SEP]I met her in Caroline Round about sixty-nine Well she came up to me and said, "Hi there honey How'd you like to come along"  [Chorus:] Cause we're gonna have a party Yeah a rock 'n' roll party Well we're gonna have a party And before I knew We were rockin' in the parlour Rockin' in the parlour  Well the next time I saw her roll Was way down in Mexico She said, "I've got some booze around at my place So come along and have some fun"  [Chorus] 
nick of time-ACDC[SEP]Wrong track, wrong line Fast train never run on time Bad blood, bad news Hangin' by a rope got nothin' to lose Mad bull, see red Comin' at me happy when I'm dead Jump fence, got away Ain't got a likin' for the games he play What ya gonna do Everybody tryin' to find you guilty Make you wanna toe the line Saved by Saved in the nick in time I was saved in the nick  Slow plane, hard rain Cold sweat and he show the strain Look down, no ground Black sky just the engine sound Bail out, goodbye Take my chances I don't wanna die Count 10, just pray The nick of time can save me any day What ya gonna do Everybody love a hero honey Livin' on the danger line Saved by Saved in the nick in time Saved in the nick in time  Loose sleep, get grief Short day an' gettin' no relief Quick punch, closed eye You didn't do it you wonder why Lynch mob, on your tail Think they were searchin' for the holy grail Leave town, got away I didn't figure on them anyway No I didn't Everybody tryin' to find you guilty Make you wanna toe the line Saved by Saved in the nick in time In the nick of time In the nick of time  I was saved in the nick of time 
you ain't got a hold on me-ACDC[SEP]You can roll me round your finger You can roll me if I'm blind You can roll me tally ho ho I'm the easy rollin' kind But don't think I'm facin' down hill 'Cause soon you'll see You'll lose your grip and slip 'Cause you ain't got a hold on me  You ain't got a hold on me You ain't got a hold on me Why don't you let me be 'Cause you ain't got a hold on me  You can take me to your bedroom You can take me to your heart You can take me to a climax I won't fall apart But don't count on me givin' it All back to you Just because I'm hooked on livin Doesn't mean I'm hooked on you  You ain't got a hold on me You ain't got a hold on me Why don't you let me be, no no You ain't got a hold on me Oh let me be  You ain't got a hold on me You ain't got a hold on me Why don't you just let me be 'Cause you ain't got a hold on me  You ain't got a hold on me You ain't got a hold on me You ain't got a hold on me  Hey you ain't got a hold on me Ain't got a hold on me Ain't got a hold on me Ain't got a hold on me Ain't got a hold on me 
nervous shakedown-ACDC[SEP]Freeze said the man cruising the beat You get your hands up spread your feet Don't you move an inch I heard him say Or you'll be doing time until the judgement day And he said Don't tell me no lies give me alibis Cause if you cross my path you'll be doing life It's a dirty lie It's a shakedown (and it's a nervous shakedown) Another shakedown (another nervous shakedown) Well it's a shakedown (and it's a nervous shakedown) We gotta shakedown Another nervous shakedown  It's lookin' like a set-up  Take a dime said the man you can make one call You got a one way ticket to the county hall When then judge looked high and I looked low When he smiled at me it was a one man show He said 2 to 5 the jury decides Double parole if you survive It's a dirty lie It's a shakedown (and it's a nervous shakedown) Another shakedown (another nervous shakedown) Well it's a shakedown (and it's a nervous shakedown) We gotta shakedown Another nervous shakedown  Lord they're gonna get you this time And throw away the key  It's a shakedown (and it's a nervous shakedown) Another shakedown (another nervous shakedown) You got a shakedown (and it's a nervous shakedown) We gotta shakedown  Lord they're gonna get you this time throw away the key  It's a shakedown (and it's a nervous shakedown) Another shakedown (another nervous shakedown) You got a shakedown (and it's a nervous shakedown) Well it's a shakedown (another nervous shakedown)  Shake it down shake it down (and it's a nervous shakedown) Well it's a shakedown (another nervous shakedown) Shake it down shake it down (and it's a nervous shakedown) It's a shakedown It's a shakedown On You Yes 
beating around the bush-ACDC[SEP]Smilin' face and laughin' eyes But you keep on tellin' me all those lies How'd you expect me to believe Honey I ain't that naive Baby I got my eye on you Cause you do all the things I want you to Stop your cryin' and dry you tears I ain't that wet behind the ears You can throw me lefts You can throw me rights But where was you last night Beating around the bush  Wish I knew what was on your mind Why you bein' so unkind Remember those nights we spent alone Talking on the telephone Thoughts of you goin' throw my brain You told me that you felt the same You said that you loved me too But tell me who was there with you I was talkin' birds And you was talkin' bees And was he down upon his knees Beating around the bush  Your the meanest woman I've ever known Sticks and stones won't break my bones I know what you're lookin' for You've eaten your cake you want some more I'm gonna give you just one more chance Try to save our romance I've done everything I'm gonna do The rest is up to you And you can chew it up You can spit it out You can let it all hang out Beating around the bush  Chew it up Spit it out Let it all hang out Beating around the bush 
first blood-ACDC[SEP]Got a screaming feeling, need a little loving healing Want some of that stuff, cause I like a hot touch Wanna little squeezing, just a touch and teasing Maybe wrong, maybe right, but I like it every night  Come on baby, down my way Were gonna make it, night and day  I want first blood, a look in the eye Thirst blood, a need in disguise Bad dog come, back for more First blood, first blood  Some like it hot, some like it not so hot Cause I like a touch, and I want it so much Come on baby, down my way Were gonna make it every night and day  First blood, a look in the eye Thirst blood, a need in disguise Bad dog come back for more First blood, first blood  I want first blood, a look in the eye Thirst blood, a need in disguise Bad dog come back for more First blood, first blood  I want first blood, a look in the eye Thirst blood, a need in disguise Bad dog come back for more First blood  You know I want a first blood Some like it hot First blood, all right hot shot Bad dog, come back for more I want first blood 
whole lotta rosie-ACDC[SEP]Wanna tell you story About woman I know When it comes to lovin' She steals the show She ain't exactly pretty Ain't exactly small Fourt'two thirt'ninefiftysix You could say she's got it all  Never had a woman Never had a woman like you Doin' all the things Doin' all the things you do Ain't no fairy story Ain't no skin and bones But you give it all you got Weighin' in at nineteen stone You're a whole lotta woman A whole lotta woman Whole lotta Rosie Whole lotta Rosie Whole lotta Rosie And you're a whole lotta woman  Honey you can do it Do it to me all night long Only one who turn me Only one who turn me on All through the night time Right around the clock To my surprise Rosie never stops She was a whole lotta woman Whole lotta woman Whole lotta Rosie Whole lotta Rosie Whole lotta Rosie A whole lotta woman  Whole lotta woman Whole lotta woman Whole lotta Rosie Whole lotta Rosie You're a whole lotta Rosie A whole lotta woman  Whole lotta Rosie Whole lotta woman 
ride on-ACDC[SEP]It's another lonely evenin' In another lonely town But I ain't too young to worry And I ain't too old to cry When a woman gets me down  Got another empty bottle And another empty bed Ain't too young to admit it And I'm not too old to lie I'm just another empty head  That's why I'm lonely I'm so lonely But I know what I'm gonna do  I'm gonna ride on Ride on Ride on, standing on the edge of the road Ride on, thumb in the air Ride on, one of these days I'm gonna Ride on, change my evil ways Till then I'll just keep ridin' on  Broke another promise And I broke another heart But I ain't too young to realize That I ain't too old to try Try to get back to the start And it's another redlight nightmare Another redlight street And I ain't too old to hurry Cause I ain't too old to die But I sure am hard to beat  But I'm lonely Lord I'm lonely What am I gonna do  Ride on Ride on, got myself a one-way ticket Ride on Ride on, going the wrong way Ride on, gonna change my evil ways Ride on, one of these days One of these days  Ride on Ride on I'm gonna ride on Ride on, looking for a truck Ride on, hmmmm Ride on, keep on riding Riding on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on Ride on, gonna have myself a good time Ride on, ohh yeah Ride on, yeah yeah Ride on, one of these days Ride on, one of these days 
burnin' alive-ACDC[SEP](Oooh yeah) Burnin' alive, set my soul on fire Runnin' with a gun, this place is gonna burn No firewater, or novacaine No thunderstorm, no john wayne No kids to rock, nowhere to run So watch out 'cause this place is gonna burn  Burnin' alive, burnin' alive Burnin' alive, burnin' alive (burnin' alive, burnin' alive)  They be smokin' your hide, come runnin' wild Tell you nothin' to fear, cause the buck stops here! He came from a little town called hope And someday, maybe, it'll go up in smoke  (I say) No firewater, or novacaine, No thunderstorm, and no john wayne No kids to rock, nowhere to run So watch out, cause this place is gonna burn  Burnin' alive, burnin' alive Burnin' alive, burnin' alive It's an all out war, an all out war Burnin' alive, burnin' alive  Somewhere, there's a little town called hope And someday, maybe baby, he'll inhale that smoke!  (yeah, we're) burnin' alive, burnin' alive (burnin' alive, burnin' alive Burnin' alive, burnin' alive Burnin' alive, burnin' alive) It's an all out war, an all out war Hear the battle roar, it's an all out war (yeah we're) burnin' alive, burnin' alive (burnin' alive, burnin' alive)  (yeah) watch the place burn down 
spoilin' for a fight-ACDC[SEP]I see trouble coming man  Well I'm coming back to a fork Sliding down a road Gonna lick 'em on down We're gonna run right out I'm a fighting fool And I'm hungry for you Well I'm living on a line I'm protecting my life Rock with me Come on come on  You're only spoilin' for a fight Spoilin' for a fight Spoilin' for a fight Spoilin' for a fight Spoilin' for a fight Spoilin' for a fight  Make your heartbeat thump Make your starter jump You're running on time Then you're fighting all night With my rocking shoes 'Cuz I'm hungry for you Well I'm living on the line All my life Rock with me Come on come on you want it  Spoilin' for a fight Spoilin' for a fight Tryin' to make it right Spoilin' for a fight Spoilin' for a fight Trying to make it right  You better stand your ground And keep out of my town To live another day  Spoilin' for a fight Spoilin' for a fight Trying to make it right Spoilin' for a fight Spoilin' for a fight 'Cuz I've gotta make it right Fighting all night 'Cuz I'm spoilin' for a fight 
boom boom pow-Black Eyed Peas[SEP]Gotta get that Gotta get that Gotta get that Gotta g-g-g-get-get-get, that that that that that  Boom, boom, boom, gotta get that Boom, boom, boom, gotta get that Boom, boom, boom, gotta get that Boom, boom, boom, gotta get that  Boom, boom, boom, now Boom, boom, boom, now Boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom  [Will.I.Am:] Yo I got the hit that beat the block You can get that bass overload I got that rock and roll That future flow  That digital spit Next level visual shit I got that boom, boom, boom How the beat bang, boom, boom, boom  [Fergie:] I like that boom, boom pow Them chickens jackin' my style They try to copy my swagger I'm on that next shit now I'm so three thousand and eight You so two thousand and late I got that boom, boom, boom That future boom, boom, boom Let me get it now  Boom, boom, boom, gotta get that Boom, boom, boom, gotta get that Boom, boom, boom, gotta get that Boom, boom, boom, gotta get that  Boom, boom, boom, now Boom, boom, boom, now Boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom  [Taboo:] I'm on the supersonic boom Y'all hear the space ship zoom When when I step inside the room Them girls go ape shit, uh Y'all stuck on super A-shit That lo-fi stupid 8-bit I'm on that HD flat This beat go boom, boom, pow  [Apl.De.Ap:] I'm a beast when you turn me on Into the future cybertron Harder, faster, better, stronger Sexin' ladies extra longer, 'Cause we got the beat that bounce We got the beat that pow We got the beat that 808 That boom, boom in your town  [Fergie:] People in the place If you wanna get down Put your hands in the air Will.I.am drop the beat now  [Will.I.Am:] Yep, yep I be rockin' them beats, yep, yep I be rockin' them beats, yep, yep, yep, yep  Here we go, here we go Satellite radio Y'all getting hit with the boom, boom Beats so big I'm stepping on leprechauns Shitin' on y'all with the boom, boom Shitin' on y'all with the boom, boom Shitin' on y'all with the This beat be bumping, bumping This beat go boom, boom  Let the beat rock Let the beat rock Let the beat r...  This beat be bumping, bumpin' This beat go boom, boom  [Fergie:] I like that boom, boom, pow Them chickens jackin' my style They try to copy my swagger I'm on that next shit now I'm so three thousand and eight You so two thousand and late I got that boom, boom, boom That future boom, boom, boom Let me get it now  Boom, boom, boom, gotta get that Boom, boom, boom, gotta get that Boom, boom, boom, gotta get that Boom, boom, boom, gotta get that  Boom, boom, boom, now Boom, boom, boom, now Boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom  Let the beat rock, let the beat rock Let the beat rock, let the beat... Let the beat r..., let the beat rock, rock, rock, rock 
golden rod-Blondie[SEP]As sure as anything As sure as I can be That 99%, pure as Ivory I caught the scent, followed the smell of it Couldn't Ignore Hey, why did you pick on me?  What's that pretty flower I see? Tall and wild it waves at me Mother says it's just a weed Golden Rod, Golden Rod  Growing Wild, not in the city Gave me an allergy And my reaction's, what's gonna happen? It gets no help from me  I can't explain it Maybe I shouldn't try to That old genetic code, Had a hold on me We go inside it, ran head long into it And mothers' warning, useless to me  What's that pretty flower I see? Tall and wild it waves at me Mother says it's just a weed Golden Rod, Golden Rod  Another blonde, not from the city Gave me an allergy And you can see me drinking the poison Taking it happily.  What's that pretty flower I see? Tall and wild it waves at me Mother says it's just a weed Golden Rod, Golden Rod  Another blonde, not from the city Gave me an allergy And my reaction's What's gonna happen? It gets not help from me  You're running wild, not in the city Gave me an alleregy And my reaction's What's gonna happen? It gets no help from Well you will see me Drinking the poison, taking it happily.  You're running wild You're running wild Another blonde not from the city Drinking the poison Taking it happily Not from the city Golden Rod Golden Rod Golden Rod Golden Rod 
detroit 442-Blondie[SEP]You know he can't be tested, he can't be read or found Urban grey takes breath away, he wants to push his pedal to the ground And the night's what's right, puts him at the wheel Well, I eat danger, any stranger is all right Feel hot to go like Jimmy O, dodging flying objects at the show And the lights make me fight In Detroit 442, maybe, baby, I could ride with you  This town's a concrete factory and Dad and Mum look just like me I'm on the plant assembly line. Too late now. Too far behind You said you wanna hang around, no-one really cares where you go Take your time. Things never change  In Detroit 442, maybe, baby, I could ride with you In Detroit 442, maybe, baby, I could ride with you In Detroit 442, maybe, baby, I could ride with you In Detroit 442, maybe, baby, I could ride with you  One more to market, one more piggie, and they all, they all look just like me, yeah 
i know but i don't know-Blondie[SEP]Hey, y'know? Uh, I dunno! I know but I don't know I know but I don't know I know but I don't know I know but I don't know  I give but I don't get I will but I won't yet I lose but I don't bet I'm your dog but not your pet  I know but I don't care Then I know but I don't see Now I see but I don't know I care but I don't care  I could but I won't be You can but not with me It's all a mystery Locked out without a key  Now I care but I don't care And I know but I don't see Now I see but I don't know I know but I don't know  Now I know that you don't know And I see that you don't see I care but I don't care I don't care that you don't know 
youth nabbed as sniper-Blondie[SEP]Don't look in here, yeah Sundown finds him out of town on the overpass His inner self glued to his point twenty-two Dirty metal in the speed of night, lights and broken glass My heart can destroy all I see Moving streets all make me lonely Come to me and be mine only I can hide us far from sight, but you must wait and I must fight this nothingness Walls, I see my little room I hear my parent's friends I hope that my actions make amends I would like to kill for love but I don't know how Here I lie so high above the crowd Busy streets all make me lonely Come to me and be mine only  I can move us through the night, but you must wait and I must fight this emptiness Black top burns with silent screams Others stop my dreams Lightning Crash! Crash! Crash! Fear causes some to live, others die real cool I died in the evening after school Be mine only Be my own Be mine only Be my own 
call me-Blondie[SEP]Colour me your colour, baby Colour me your car Colour me your colour, darling I know who you are Come up off your colour chart I know where you're comin' from Call me (call me) on the line Call me, call me any, anytime Call me (call me) my love You can call me any day or night Call me  Cover me with kisses, baby Cover me with love Roll me in designer sheets I'll never get enough Emotions come, I don't know why Cover up love's alibi  Call me (call me) on the line Call me, call me any, anytime Call me (call me) oh my love When you're ready we can share the wine Call me  Ooo-oo-oo-oo-oo, he speaks the languages of love Ooo-oo-oo-oo-oo, amore, chiamami, chiamami Ooo-oo-oo-oo-oo, appelle-moi mon cherie, appelle-moi Anytime, anyplace, anywhere, any way Anytime, anyplace, anywhere, any day-ay  Call me (call me) my love Call me, call me any, anytime Call me (call me) for a ride Call me, call me for some overtime Call me (call me) my love Call me, call me in a sweet design Call me (call me), call me for your lover's lover's alibi Call me (call me) on the line Call me, call me any, anytime Call me (call me) Oh, call me, oo-hoo-hah Call me (call me) my love Call me, call me any, anytime [fade] 
rave-Blondie[SEP]Do not disturb is on the doorway We are both inside burning up the roomrate Stand there in the light so I can see you I wanna feast my eyes I'm burning down my memories  On the road to ruin one more time Spoil me, let me see Shatter all that matters and step out of a tragedy It's never been better  I'm in the grip of my intentions I'm almost paralysed, paralysed I can't wait for honourable mentions You get no guarantees, no guarantees What I need All dressed up and polished to a shine All the ravenites Stutter to the gutter slip into a limousine It's never been better  On the road to ruin one more time Spoil me, let me see Shatter all that matters and step out of a tragedy It's never been better  All dressed up and polished to a shine All the ravenites Stutter to the gutter slip into a limousine It's never been better  On the road to ruin one more time Spoil me, let me see Shatter all that matters and step out of a tragedy It's never been better  All dressed up and polished to a shine All the ravenites Stutter to the gutter slip into a limousine It's never been better  On the road to ruin one more time Spoil me, let me see Shatter all that matters and step out of a tragedy It's never been better 
do the dark-Blondie[SEP]There you are, giving candy Making confidence with an easy eye Easy words, oh, what a dancer Dance you right into the corner in the fire Do the dark apostle Do the sidewalk hustle Do the invisible dance In the fire, fire, fire, fire  Walk on glass with the master There's no question he can't answer with his eyes What a stage, oh, what a dancer Looks like a baby with an old man's eyes  When you break the rules and you burn your bridges And your fingers itch and they're getting wet when you look at her Do the dark apostle Do the sidewalk hustle Do the invisible dance In the fire, fire, fire, fire  Walk on glass, walk on fire Walk on glass, walk on fire Walk on glass, walk on fire Walk on glass, walk on fire 
follow me-Blondie[SEP]Far from day, far from night Out of time, out of sight In between earth and sea We shall fly, follow me Dry the rain, warm the snow Where the winds never go Follow me, follow me Follow me  Follow me to a cave by a sapphire shore Where we'll walk through an emerald door And for thousands of breathless "evermore's" my life you will be  Only you, only I World farewell, world goodbye To our home 'neath the sea We shall fly, follow me  Only you, only I World farewell, world goodbye To our home 'neath the sea We shall fly, follow me Follow me, follow me Follow me, follow me 
the hunter gets captured by the game-Blondie[SEP]Everyday brings change And the world puts on a new face Certain things rearrange And this whole world seems like a new face Secretly I've been tailing you Like a fox that preys on a rabbit I had to get you and so I know I had to learn your ways and habits  Oooooooooooyou were the catch that I was after I looked up and I was in your arms And I know that I was captured  What's this whole world coming to Things just ain't the same Anytime the hunter gets captured by the game  I had laid such a tender trap Hoping you might fall into it Love hit me with a sudden slap One kiss and then I knew it  Ooooooooooomy plan didn't work out like I thought I had laid my trap for you But it seems that I got caught  What's this whole world coming to Things just ain't the same Anytime the hunter gets captured by the game 
little caesar-Blondie[SEP]My name is Little Caesar Friends call me LC My Daddy's named the same And passed it on to me I'm the kinda guy who by and by Who wants to be your friend I'll make you a happy ending I loop the loo I do it good I've been called alotta names Some of them obscene But you think I'm funny And wonder about me I don't worry anymore Get uptight or fear Back in the days of funny funny They called me queer They used to call me They called me rudely  I'm a love 'em and leave 'em kinda fella A good time gentlemen Perform my magic for ya Then I'll make my plan When I'm gone you'll feel so low Obsession outta hand You'll find I'll linger in your mind You can't forgive me You won't forget me You can't live without me Can't live without me You'll find there's not enough And that you love too much Can't live with me  You can't live with me Can't live without me Just call me Caesar  You can't forgive me You won't forget me I'm Little Caesar yeah 
go through it-Blondie[SEP]She knew it about Route Three Oh, she blew it, you know she could've told me He can't say no, he can't ask why Go through it, highway bride He delivers, he's a roadsider He gets no road from a back seat driver Away we go, yes or no? I love you honey, gimme a beer  But just like Jerry Lee, she's tuning in on me And I've got no defence, but it makes no difference 'Cause just like Jerry Lee, she's tuning in on me She does it easy, like a CB  He's hard to hold on the rolling road He knows his rig's hot, get through that roadblock Ten miles to go, oh, radio She knew it, now so does he Ah, I love you honey, gimme a beer Ooh, go through it, come sit right here 
a rose by any name-Blondie[SEP]Black and red look so good on you And your walk makes me believe you Lipstick, rings are on my fingers Want the night to always linger Linger, linger, linger  [Chorus:] If you're a boy or if you're a girl I love you just the same Wherever you go, all over the world A rose by any name  If you're a boy or if you're a girl I love you just the same Wherever you go, all over the world A rose by any name (by any name) A rose by any name (by any name) A rose by any name (by any name) A rose by any name  Smoking cigarettes in bed All the same, what will they get? In the streets they'll never know Mysteries will never show (show) Show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show  [Chorus:] If you're a boy or if you're a girl I love you just the same Wherever you go, all over the world A rose by any name  If you're a boy or if you're a girl I love you just the same Wherever you go, all over the world A rose by any name A rose by any name A rose by any name A rose by any name  (Want the night to always linger)  [Chorus:] If you're a boy or if you're a girl I love you just the same Wherever you go, all over the world A rose by any name If you're a boy or if you're a girl I love you just the same Wherever you go, all over the world A rose by any name  If you're a boy or if you're a girl I love you just the same Wherever you go, all over the world A rose by any name If you're a boy or if you're a girl I love you just the same Wherever you go, all over the world A rose by any name A rose by any name A rose by any name A rose by any name A rose by any name 
mirame(collector's pack bonus track)-Blondie[SEP]Mirame amor, que estoy pensando en tener tu cuerpo, en tener tu calor amor amor amor amor quiero que estés junto a mi. Quiero ser tu dueño , quiero ser ese que te haga feliz.  Dime mi amor si tu me amas, si tu me quieres, pero dimelo, amor amor amor amor, Este corazón sufre la pena por no tenerte y se está muriendo.  [Chorus:] Mi corazón llora por tu amor sufriendo la pena que le causó tu amor [x3]  Mirame amor, que estoy pensando en tener tu cuerpo, en tener tu calor amor amor amor amor quiero que estés junto a mi. Quiero ser tu dueño, quiero ser ese que te haga feliz.  Dime mi amor si tu me amas, si tu me quieres, pero dimelo, amor amor amor amor, Este corazón sufre la pena por no tenerte y se está muriendo.  [Chorus:] Mi corazón llora por tu amor sufriendo la pena que le causó tu amor [x3] 
dragonfly-Blondie[SEP]Greetings Ladies and Gentlemen of Earth and all native intelligences of the forty planets, satellites, moons, stars, and any other inhabited orbs with contestants entered in the annual Grande Trex, the only inter-galactic race. This year's event promises excitement to surpass all previous races. As many of you fans already know the route or track of the orbits, glides, etc. has been increased by 5,000 million kilometers thus enabling Grande Trex to include the B'Arc System, in our present event and for all succeeding GT races. Dragonfly Dragonfly Satellite Strike and fight  Laser light shot tonight Target nullified Gyro subdivide  Latitude longitude Satellite Solid substitute  What's a drag race? Can't you see those dragons Speeding up the street But I learned they weren't real Figments of the ancient fear  Rapid scan radians For the chance To win the Grande  Maneuvers preprogramme Windage Won't operate  Negative bearing swell  Dragons fly they symbolize in myth and saga breathing fire Look up there's one flying higher Faster than the SCC Is science hiding witchery?  Grande Trex fans throughout the universe are well informed on the risks pilots take in entering this race, i.e. re-entry into some of the alien atmospheres is tricky business which can cause a craft to implode, explode, melt, lose automatic structure, etc., while en route. The craft are scheduled to surface launch 0700.5100 Greenwich time and are assembled on one of our very own stars, Neutron Einstar EV 9. The excitement is at a fevered pitch as the countdown approaches zero. These hypersonic inertial transition ships can calculate the negligible quantity of spherical differential for tight orbit, are sonar-radar balanced and translate windage occurrence, offset verniers, retrieve, execute prepare, delay code and report astrogational error in a micro-second. Naturally these specialized craft are equipped with apparatus capable of highly sensitive maneuverability. They can dive, sweep, run random parallel paths, alternate axes, circumnavigate for rapid survey, spin, count milibaricly while simultaneously displaying an accurate diagram grid for safety measures, not to mention the quanta limitation fixtures for sea level, ground level, level off, and hover bearings. We have retained as an added feature to stimulate more thrills, the computer over-ride for a three and one half hours to two gens during which pilots and co-pilots manually control free-fall, latitude, longitude, protact gravity, revise dimensional equations, run programme checks, submerge in the wild oceans of Jonrin 22, to photograph as much territory as they can in addition to the requisite three thousand automatic shots. The postulate for mischance runs high but not as high as the tension and competitive spirit right here on Earth and all over the 4 galaxies represented in this Seventh Grande Trex.  Dragonfly rations glide In free fall slide System nullify  Satellite dragonfly Surface launch Radio silence  Hover high level off  The time space tactics saved us then Display report present, urgent Sequence counting surface launch Dragonfly destroying all  Science claiming newest findings Chanting calling flying dragons Aboard all systems optimum Nova scheduled war continued Half the continental shelf burned by interval Interval  Dragonfly Dragonfly Beacons aim Space game  Satellite computerized Mighty flight Hypersonic glide  The countdown is minus two hundred (-200) and I am turning you over to the control room at command central Sia Lan for the launch. Good luck to all the racers and especially to our ship Dragonfly; onward to victory. (Remember comdirect and radio silence will temporarily be in effect.)  Win the race calibrate Re-entry place Multi fail safe 
union city blue-Blondie[SEP]Oh, oh, what are we gonna do? Union, Union, Union City blue Tunnel to the other side It becomes daylight I say he's mine  Oh power, passion plays a double hand Union, Union Union City man Arrive, climb up four flights To the orange side Rearrange my mind In turquoise Union, Union, Union City blue Skyline, passion, Union City blue  Power, passion plays a double hand Union, Union, Union City man I say he's mine I have a plan I say he's my Union City man  Oh, oh, what are we gonna do? Union, Union, Union City blue 
sound asleep-Blondie[SEP]You close your eyes and you will see Micro-flashing neon lights Open your eyes and you will see It still looks like the same thing Lie and wait for sleep and listen To your heart beat too fast for sleep Close your eyes and you will see The sound asleep  I want to go, I want to go I want to go down to go to sleep Your frame of reference Is my swimming pool  My, my swimming pool Still looks like the China Sea Pool to sea and finally The sound asleep  Feel the muscles in your face Twitch, relax, remembering Everything that went down and will go down I want to go down to sleep  Insomnia, no sleep disease Petties parking, feed me please Lie and wait for sleep and listen To your heart beat too fast for sleep 
the beast-Blondie[SEP]We want fun we wanna run We want fun we gotta run We want fun get out among the hottest clubs and find some love Billions of people have heard of me and everyone knows the sun rises in the East. Not too nice, not too sweet, no-one even talks to me. I shake the leaves right off the trees. I'm the bee's greasy knees. I shake 'em, I break 'em, I drop 'em from eight miles high, alright  In the past my fate was cast, my social life was limited to Halloween and New Years Eve, monotony was killing me, approaching schizophrenia. I hit the hot spots every night and ... for the first time in my life the bouncers would greet me, the doormen would escort me, managers adored me. Photographers would follow me begging for a smile; "Beast, over here, Beast!" "Here, Beast!" The hat check always said to me, "Hiya B, whatcha doin' later?"  We want fun we gotta run If you need fun get out and run You need fun for feeling fine We want fun for feeling fine and find the one ...  Now I'm not bragging. Heaven knows, I spend no more nights alone.  Lucky me, I'm ten foot three and freaky. My picture's been reprinted, interviews requested one hundred times a week. Believe it, I'm not talking through my teeth ..... Are you sure you got it, I mean it, to prove it I'm in the news. It's true, it's true, check it out, check it out  He wants her love She wants love  I take action, get relief, pick a partner, pick a piece, get satisfaction I am the Beast, I am the Beast  She wants fun He wants her love  I get satisfaction - I pick up my feet. I'm the centre of attraction by staying off the streets  And I want love, get some funk and get some fun Punks like fun, punks like funk Funk is fun, we want fun 
slow motion-Blondie[SEP]What's all that commotion going on? The boy in the back on his second attack Wants his baby back (wants his baby back) What's all that commotion that you hear? The girl in the back who was doing the quake Got a belly-ache, she can't concentrate Pick up the beat, you can move like you're made out of vapour "Catch me if you can" is what she said with her hands Come on and take me back (can you take her back?) When she gives you the beat and you get the shine The world slows down and she stops on a dime Got a number when you close your eyes Like a real magician Still she knows she'll never lose a thing She can put you up on a shelf until she wants to pull the string Still you know she'll never slip away Keep time in your head, counting in your head  Slow motion, I can play with time I can keep today but tomorrow's fine Stop and look at the pictures rolling in your head Slow motion, you can play with time You can leave her today but tomorrow's fine Stop and live in your dreams at night Rolling in your bed  Slow motion, you can stop on a dime Slow motion, you ought to try it sometime Take me back on another track Take me back, take me back Slow motion, you can pick up the beat Slow motion, you can stop on the street Take me back on another track Take me back, take me back Slow motion, you can stop on a dime Slow motion, you ought to try it sometime Take me back on another track Take me back, take me back Slow motion, you can pick up the beat Slow motion, you can stop on the street Take me back on another track Take me back, take me back 
11:59-Blondie[SEP]Leaning in your corner like a candidate for wax Sidewalk social scientist don't get no satisfaction from your cigarette It's ten to ten and time is running out Lock up all your memories, get outa here, you know that we can run Today can last another million years Today could be the end of me It's 11:59, and I want to stay alive  Pumping like a fugitive in cover from the night Take it down the freeway like a bullet to the ocean Wait until the morning, take tomorrow by the hand Take it down the highway like a rocket to the ocean, we can run  Today can last another million years Today could be the end of me It's 11:59, and I want to stay alive  Hanging on a frequency and burning like a fire Boy you've got the motion down, it's getting late, I'm tired and I've lost control Don't leave me here, time is running out Take me down the highway like a rocket to the ocean, we can run  Today can last another million years Today could be the end of me It's 11:59, and I want to stay alive 
victor-Blondie[SEP]Oh, I don't want you to go Oh, please don't leave me alone Oh No, I don't want you to go Oh, please don't leave me alone Oh Dear Annett Soon I'll be with you before they know Before the show I'm not a whore, I dance no more I'll be with you across the border, dearest Anastasia I'm leaving soon. I'm sorry to But burn this letter, burn my picture They won't know I've crossed the border Love, Victor  Oh, I don't want you to go Oh, don't leave me alone Oh 
china shoes-Blondie[SEP]Cheap china shoes Tight on my feet All man-made fabric Worn out and beat Pacing the floor Walking the street You fly over Brooklyn Back in a week  I left a note on the back page of your book Volumes away but it's worth a good look Remember me, remember that you're mine Remember me when you get to the last line  Love in the head Taking beach on a bike All paper players going on strike  I left a note on the back page of your book Volumes away but it's worth a good look Remember me, remember that you're mine Remember me when you get to the last line  I'm flat on my back I'm allergic to love My rate of recovery is not fast enough With time on my hands I'm waiting to hear Our last night in Chelsea Where it seems like years  I left a note on the back page of your book Volumes away but it's worth the good look Remember me, remember that you're mine Remember me when you get to the last line 
that's what friends are for-Dionne Warwick[SEP]And I never thought I'd feel this way And as far as I'm concerned I'm glad I got the chance to say That I do believe, I love you  And if I should ever go away Well, then close your eyes and try To feel the way we do today And then if you can remember  Keep smiling, keep shining Knowing you can always count on me, for sure That's what friends are for For good times and bad times I'll be on your side forever more That's what friends are for  Well, you came and opened me And now there's so much more I see And so by the way I thank you  Oh and then for the times when we're apart Well, then close your eyes and know The words are coming from my heart And then if you can remember  Keep smiling and keep shining Knowing you can always count on me, for sure That's what friends are for In good times and bad times I'll be on your side forever more That's what friends are for  Keep smiling, keep shining Knowing you can always count on me, for sure That's what friends are for For good times and bad times I'll be on your side forever more That's what friends are for  Keep smiling, keep shining Knowing you can always count on me, for sure 'Cause I tell you, that's what friends are for Whoa, good times and the bad times I'll be on your side forever more That's what friends are for 
happy-Pharrell Williams[SEP]It might seem crazy what I'm about to say Sunshine she's here, you can take a break I'm a hot air balloon that could go to space With the air, like I don't care, baby, by the way  Uh  (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do  Here come bad news, talking this and that (Yeah!) Well, give me all you got, don't hold it back (Yeah!) Well, I should probably warn you I'll be just fine (Yeah!) No offense to you Don't waste your time, here's why  (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do  Bring me down Can't nothing bring me down My level's too high to bring me down Can't nothing bring me down, I said Bring me down Can't nothing bring me down My level's too high to bring me down Can't nothing bring me down, I said  (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do  Bring me down Can't nothing bring me down My level's too high to bring me down Can't nothing bring me down, I said  (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do 
honey-Bobby Goldsboro[SEP]See the tree, how big it's grown But friend, it hasn't been too long it wasn't big I laughed at her and she got mad The first day that she planted it, was just a twig  Then the first snow came and she ran out To brush the snow away so it wouldn't die Came runnin' in all excited slipped and almost hurt herself And I laughed till I cried  She was always young at heart Kinda dumb and kinda smart and I loved her so And I surprised her with a puppy Kept me up all Christmas Eve two years ago  And it would sure embarrass her When I came in from workin' late 'cause I would know That she'd been sittin there an' cryin' Over some sad and silly late, late show  And Honey, I miss you And I'm bein' good And I'd love to be with you If only I could  She wrecked the car and she was sad And so afraid that I'd be mad, but what the heck Though I pretended hard to be Guess you could say she saw through me and hugged my neck  I came home unexpectedly And caught her cryin' needlessly in the middle of the day And it was in the early spring When flowers bloom and robins sing, she went away  And Honey, I miss you And I'm bein' good And I'd love to be with you If only I could  One day while I was not at home While she was there and all alone the angels came Now all I have is memories of Honey And I wake up nights and call her name  Now my life's an empty stage Where Honey lived, and Honey played and love grew up And a small cloud passes over head And cries down on the flower bed that Honey loved  And see the tree, how big it's grown But friend, it hasn't been too long, it wasn't big And I laughed at her, she got mad The first day that she planted it, was just a twig 
everything you want-Vertical Horizon[SEP]Somewhere there's speaking It's already coming in Oh and it's rising at the back of your mind You never could get it Unless you were fed it Now you're here and you don't know why  But under skinned knees and the skid marks Past the places where you used to learn You howl and listen Listen and wait for the Echoes of angels who won't return  [Chorus] He's everything you want He's everything you need He's everything inside of you That you wish you could be He says all the right things At exactly the right time But he means nothing to you And you don't know why  You're waiting for someone To put you together You're waiting for someone to push you away There's always another wound to discover There's always something more you wish he'd say  [Chorus]  But you'll just sit tight And watch it unwind It's only what you're asking for And you'll be just fine With all of your time It's only what you're waiting for  Out of the island Into the highway Past the places where you might have turned You never did notice But you still hide away The anger of angels who won't return  [Chorus] I am everything you want I am everything you need I am everything inside of you That you wish you could be I say all the right things At exactly the right time But I mean nothing to you and I don't know why And I don't know why Why I don't know 
on my own-Patti LaBelle[SEP]So many times Said it was forever Said our love would always be true Something in my heart always knew I'd be lying here beside you On my own On my own On my own  So many promises never should be spoken Now I know what loving you cost Now we're up to talking divorce And we weren't even married On my own Once again now One more time By myself  No one said it was easy But it once was so easy Well I believed in love Now here I stand I wonder why  I'm on my own Why did it end this way On my own This wasn't how it was supposed to be On my own I wish that we could do it all again  So many times I know I should have told you Losing you it cut like a knife You walked out and there went my life I don't want to live without you On my own On my own On my own [Chorus Repeat]  This wasn't how it was supposed to end I wish that we could do it all again I never dreamed I'd spend one night alone On my own, I've got to find where I belong again I've got to learn how to be strong again I never dreamed I'd spend one night alone By myself by myself I've got to find out what was mine again My heart is saying that it's my time again And I have faith that I will shine again I have faith in me On my own On my own On my own 
alone-Heart[SEP]I hear the ticking of the clock I'm lying here the room's pitch dark I wonder where you are tonight No answer on the telephone And the night goes by so very slow Oh I hope that it won't end though Alone  Till now I always got by on my own I never really cared until I met you And now it chills me to the bone How do I get you alone How do I get you alone  You don't know how long I have wanted To touch your lips and hold you tight, oh You don't know how long I have waited and I was going to tell you tonight But the secret is still my own and my love for you is still unknown Alone Till now I always got by on my own I never really cared until I met you And now it chills me to the bone How do I get you alone How do I get you alone  How do I get you alone How do I get you alone Alone, alone 
see you again-Wiz Khalifa[SEP][Charlie Puth:] It's been a long day without you, my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again (Hey)  [Wiz Khalifa:] Damn, who knew? All the planes we flew Good things we've been through That I'll be standing right here talking to you 'Bout another path I know we loved to hit the road and laugh But something told me that it wouldn't last Had to switch up Look at things different, see the bigger picture Those were the days Hard work forever pays Now I see you in a better place (see you in a better place)  Uh How can we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride  [Charlie Puth:] It's been a long day without you, my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again (I see you again) We've come a long way (yeah, we came a long way) from where we began (you know we started) Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again (let me tell you) When I see you again  (Aah oh, aah oh Wooooh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh) Yeah  [Wiz Khalifa:] First you both go out your way And the vibe is feeling strong And what's small turn to a friendship A friendship turn to a bond And that bond will never be broken The love will never get lost (and the love will never get lost) And when brotherhood come first Then the line will never be crossed Established it on our own When that line had to be drawn And that line is what we reach So remember me when I'm gone (remember me when I'm gone)  How can we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride  [Charlie Puth:] So let the light guide your way, yeah Hold every memory as you go And every road you take, will always lead you home, home  It's been a long day without you, my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again  (Aah oh) (Uh) (Aah oh) (Yeah) (Wooooh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh) (Ya, ya) When I see you again (Uh) See you again (Wooooh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh) (Yeah, yeah, uh-huh) When I see you again 
can't you hear my heartbeat-Herman's Hermits[SEP]Every time I see you lookin' my way Baby, baby, can't you hear my heartbeat? In the car or walkin' down the highway Baby, baby, can't you hear my heartbeat?  When you move up closer to me I get a feeling that's ooo-wee  Can't you hear the poundin' of my heartbeat? 'Cause you're the one I love You're the one I love  When I feel you put your arms around me Baby, baby, can't you hear my heartbeat? Then I'm glad, I'm mighty glad I found you Baby, baby, can't you hear my heartbeat?  When you asked me to meet your ma I knew that baby, we'd be going far  Can't you hear the pounding of my heartbeat? 'Cause you're the one I love You're the one I love  All my friends are cryin' out to meet you Baby, baby, can't you hear my heartbeat? Now's the time to go and see the preacher Baby, baby, can't you hear my heartbeat?  Wedding bells are gonna chime Baby, baby, you're gonna be mine  Can't you hear the pounding of my heartbeat? 'Cause you're the one I love You're the one I love  Baby, baby, can't you hear my heartbeat? Baby, baby, can't you hear my heartbeat? Baby, baby, can't you hear my heartbeat? 
kiss you all over-Exile[SEP]When I get home, babe Gonna light your fire All day I've been thinkin' about you, babe You're my one desire  Gonna wrap my arms around you Hold you close to me Oh, babe I wanna taste your lips I wanna fill your fantasy, yeah  I don't know what I'd do without you, babe Don't know where I'd be You're not just another lover No, you're everything to me  Ev'rytime I'm with you, baby I can't believe it's true When you're layin' in my arms We do the things you do  You can see it in my eyes I can feel it in your touch You don't have to say a thing Just let me show how much Love you, need you, yeah  I wanna kiss you all over And over again I wanna kiss you all over Till the night closes in Till the night closes in  Stay with me, lay with me Holding me, loving me, baby Here with me, near with me Feeling you close to me, baby  So show me, show me ev'rything you do 'Cause baby no one does it quite like you Love you, need you Oh, babe  I wanna kiss you all over And over again I wanna kiss you all over Till the night closes in Till the night closes in  Till the night closes in Till the night closes in Till the night closes in 
sweet child o' mine-Guns N' Roses[SEP]She's got a smile that it seems to me Reminds me of childhood memories Where everything Was as fresh as the bright blue sky  Now and then when I see her face It takes me away to that special place And if I stared too long I'd probably break down and cry  Sweet child o' mine Sweet love of mine  She's got eyes of the bluest skies As if they thought of rain I'd hate to look into those eyes And see an ounce of pain  Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place Where as a child I'd hide And pray for the thunder and the rain To quietly pass me by  Sweet child o' mine Sweet love of mine  Sweet child o' mine Sweet love of mine  Sweet child o' mine Sweet love of mine  Where do we go? Where do we go now? Where do we go?  Where do we go? Where do we go? Where do we go now?  Where do we go? Sweet child o' mine Where do we go now?  Where do we go? Where do we go? Where do we go now?  Where do we go? Where do we go now? Where do we go? Where do we go now?  Where do we go? Where do we go now, now, now, now, now, now, now now?  Sweet child, sweet child o' mine 
funkytown-Lipps Inc[SEP]Gotta make a move to a town that's right for me Town to keep me movin', keep me groovin' with some energy  Well, I talk about it, talk about it Talk about it, talk about it Talk about, talk about Talk about movin'  Gotta move on Gotta move on Gotta move on  A-won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown?  Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown?  Gotta make a move to a town that's right for me Town to keep me movin', keep me groovin' with some energy  Well, I talk about it, talk about it Talk about it, talk about it Talk about, talk about Talk about movin'  Gotta move on Gotta move on Gotta move on  A-won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown?  Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown?  Won't you take me down to Funkytown? Won't you take me down to Funkytown? Won't you take me down to Funkytown? Won't you take me down to Funkytown?  (Won't you take me to) Funkytown? (Won't you take me to) Funkytown? (Won't you take me to) Funkytown? (Won't you take me to) Funkytown?  Take me, won't you take me? Take me, won't you take me? Take me, won't you take me? Take me, won't you take me?  I wanna go to Funkytown I wanna go to Funkytown I wanna go to Funkytown I wanna go to Funkytown 
teen angel-Mark Dinning[SEP]Teen angel Teen angel Teen angel  That fateful night the car was stalled Upon the railroad track I pulled you out and we were safe But you went running back  Teen angel Can you hear me? Teen angel Can you see me? Are you somewhere up above? And am I still your own true love?  What was it you were looking for That took your life that night They said they found my high school ring Clutched in your fingers tight  Teen angel Can you hear me? Teen angel Can you see me? Are you somewhere up above? And am I still your own true love?  Just sweet sixteen, and now you're gone They've taken you away I'll never kiss your lips again They buried you today  Teen angel Can you hear me? Teen angel Can you see me? Are you somewhere up above? And am I still your own true love?  Teen angel Teen angel Answer me please 
livin' in the city-Run-DMC[SEP]livin in the.. livin in the.. livin in the.. livin in the ci-tayyyy! (This what happens in the city e'ryday)  [Run-D.M.C.] The city..  c-c-livin in the ci-tayyyy!  [Run-D.M.C.] The ci..  c, ci-c, ci-c-c-c-c-ci-tayyyy!  [D.M.C.] From the city, although it ain't pretty And times gettin down to the nitty gritty The city busy, traffic tragic Magic graphic ain't nuttin to laugh at Poverty, robbery, larceny Problems to me so don't bother me with the drugs thugs I ain't got no time for that I'm too busy tryin to get another brother's, pockets fat Stay the fuck in school, cool learn the rule Knowledge to fuel the brain the tool I kick info just to let you know the rhyme gonna show you how far you can go in the city  L-li-li-la-li, li-li-livin in the ci-tayyyy! The ci-tayyyy!  [car tires squeal] 
rock the house-Run-DMC[SEP][Run] And this is the way.. we rock the house!  Ha hah.. Ya don't.. Ya can't.. and I don't.. ya don't stop! D.. M.. C.. Huh..  [D.M.C.] I'm the King of Rock, there is none higher.. Sire! To burn my kingdom, FIRE.. Re-TIRE..  [Run] Now we rock the party, and come correct.. BREAK! Now we crash through walls.. The CEILING!  [Run] On the tape [DMC] We're fresh out the box  [Run] And this is the way.. we rock the house! NOT.. Never.. ever.. Huh.. Ha hah.. Hah! Yah.. Get it right boy..  [DMC] Sure shot..  [Run] And this is the way.. we rock the house! And that's the way.. yeah..  [DMC] Supreme.. Fever! [Run] Born to talk.. Take a walk.. [DMC] Back up.. [Run] Step off! Punk.. frontin.. [DMC] Bad.. [Run] B-Boys! .. B-Girls! .. [DMC] Tough.. [Run] City.. ?? .. ha hah, ha hah  [fades out] 
can i get a witness-Run-DMC[SEP][Chorus: Run-D.M.C. (repeat 4X)]  Can you kick it like I kick it when I kick this, can I get a witness?  (Yes you can!)  [Run] New jacks better back up, before they get smacked up by the R-U-N-D-M-C (that's where it's at cuz) Known as the tough cats, kickin tough rough raps In jeans, leather jackets, my Adidas and gangster hats A ??, yo here we go I'm tired of brothers tryin to front like they don't hear me though Knowin if it wasn't for me, they wouldn't be able cause I'm the man with the hand that rocked the cradle, uhh A lot of punk for the chunk baby that's a bet Album number seven and we still ain't finished yet I didn't get old, I got better at the craft Sat back and watched you try to kick it but you made us laugh So get back, you already had your chance to dance You proved you had no waist to fit in this man's pants Word to God, I'm back fo' sho' Hollis Queens gettin wreck so act like you know  [Chorus]  [D.M.C.] As I spit this and get this out of my throat I need a witness to get with this - take notes Great quotes like boats float flowin so dope Never givin up hope, nope, know what I wrote I'ma saver spectator educator entertainer You wanna ask me, can't be now or later I'm a rough rugged person, been that way from the start Darryl Mack got the knack to put the H in heart (And it ain't no fun, to step to D and Run But if you wanna step up, step up and get that ass - done) A reporter with recorder was recordin the slaughter as I'm peepin 'cross the border leapin water keepin order Lit it up like a spliff, get a whiff of this hit Cause I flick em like bits, and I bust 'em like zits Dippin down to grip this microphone I rip this I'm glad not sad I flipped this, now can I get a witness  [Chorus]  [Run] Can I get a witness, can I hit a, never been ?? fitness Don't play like I'm bitter, when you come with your best and I make a suggestion save it David with your bull Cause you're full of congestion Soft?  Never me, never get more hard The King of Kings, Lord of Lords, is the one Lord God Can I can I get a witness ?? next To my God, DJ Run and I kick it  [D.M.C.] Suckers suckers suckers Suckers get flipped when I start to flip Slip in a clip when they die I dip Still spray a gun, see how DJ Run Leave a sucker stunned, gettin ill to the drum Mic check and I wreck and I'm second to none Accept it don't regret it I expect to get dumb So don't you forget this, we'll put you on the hitlist to stick ya stick ya wicked wickedest can I get a witness  [Chorus] 
how'd ya do it dee-Run-DMC[SEP][D.M.C.] Yeah, one two one two And I say as we let the music play This is dedicated to Ruddy Ray from all the homeboys around the way So def it won't get an F Jay receives an A for his essay Spins til you're dizzy Born to get busy Is he the Jam Master? Isn't he, or is he? And my name is D.M.C. The K-I-N-G The car that I drive is called a Caddy The drink that I drink is called O.E. And I wear my glasses so I can see My homeboy right next to me His name is DJ Run Shoots a gift like a gun Slays suckers one by one Rather chill than kill cause the killing's no fun So together forever Crew be tougher than leather We gonna slay the bad ones until there are none  [Run-D.M.C.] Run-D.M.C.'s award nominee The K-I-N-G's of all M-I-C's Like Hercules, with rhymes like these Never crackin not lackin and I still pull G's  [Run] Well I ah, impress the bad, suggest the rad Who be less when they 'fess, against the test  [D.M.C.] And I insist that this, with a flick of the wrist will be kid not dissed at the top of the list  [Run-D.M.C.] So go a-head, and stand, check out the man With a clan, never ran, and in demand  [D] So just a [R] Bust a rhyme [D] It's a must cause I'm [R] Funky fresh, in the flesh AND YOU KNOW THE TIME [D] Why don't ya, bust it son [R] Cause I'm number one [D] Just do it, pursue it [D] Hit it Run!  [Run] Yo I'm flowin and showin rocks knots and shockin the mind I'm only chillin and killin, so won't you check out the rhyme Meetin greatin and seatin, suckers all in a row Crashin mashin and bashin, my name is Run, call me Joe Fat as ever and clever, and never second to none Wearin leather and better (What's your name?)  DJ Run But in the summer's a bummer, cause I leave em at home Just Adidas and me, and ? and D on the phone Diggin eyein the crown, sellin skills by the pound Makin breakin and takin all of the suckers around Puttin fear in the heart, at the top of the chart Stunning gunning and funning, cause Run's running this art DJ's facing the rage, never losing a show Cause when the set is a match, then they're ready to go Swervin curvin deservin, the grass grow everyday Cause makin money ain't funny, ain't that right JMJ?  [Run-D.M.C.] Full in effect, set comin correct Yet gainin respect, still breakin a neck  [D.M.C.] I'm coolin and chillin, not foolin with illin On the mission it's thrillin, and I'll make a killin My higher desire, go high and then fly ya Makes me the messiah, I'll neve rretire I'm spankin and bankin, high rankin and skankin Improvising, suprising, I'm rising and flaking My boys on the side, the front and the back A Cadillac and a stack, for the King Darryl Mack Not workin for free, pocket full with a G And they always ask me, D.M.C., "How'd ya do it Dee?" On the go with Joe, makin pay with Jay All day, WHY?  Cause I'm livin that way One wonders, WHAT?  How it gets done I hear questions, FROM WHO?  From everyone I'm cool.. I broke the rule Breakin all but laws, when I break fool Cause I'm the man.. that was born to rule every girl in the world, and make them drool It's easy to be, it's easy to D It's easy to G, it's easy to me Wanna know how I do it, got a goal, I pursue it Got the soul, to get to it, you was told, so you knew it The answers, from questions, I'm tellin to thee Cause they always ask me, D.M.C., "How'd ya do it Dee?" 
darryl and joe (krush-groove 3)-Run-DMC[SEP][Run]	Well I rehearsed for the verse and I'm number one Not the best, not the worst, cause my name is Run [DMC]	And I'm second cause I wreck it, that you want to see An emcee (like D) inside the place (to be) [both]	And have you heard that he is third and his name is Jay [Run]	I'm Run the A [DMC]	D the Deuce [both]	and Jay's the Tre'  [Jam Master Jay cuts]  [Run] I'm the rapper of the year and this the year of the rap And I'm never drinkin beer, it's champagne at the tap And I'm cold makin money on a regular basis Pullin out, knockin sucker MC faces Travel round the world with my mind at ease No Calvin Klein, just wearin Lee's Got credit in countries I've never been cause the records I write are in the top ten The top of the chart, is where I stay but I also chill, around the way In Hollis, Queeens, is where I stop On the streets with the beats is where I walk  [D.M.C.] When I perform, many hearts I warm I'm better known, as the Quiet Storm I don't talk too much but I got beef When I kill MC's, I cause grief Devestating mic control is my main goal My name is Darryl, and his name is (Joe) The Master of music his name is Jay Leave us alone, and let us play We give it up, and turn it loose We're not like Dr. Seuss or Mother Goose Sucker MC's like punks who are picking flowers Go for yours, WE WENT FOR OURS!  [Jam Master Jay cuts]  [both]	Start at 3, end at 6 Jam Master Jay is on the mix [DMC]	For all the young ladies [Run]	and all the chicks [DMC]	We got all of the girls [Run]	on our tips [DMC]	Don't buy gold lighters [Run]	only Bic's [DMC]	Rock all microphones [Run]	just for kicks  [D.M.C.] Sucker MC's I will be snuffin In my pocket I'll keep on stuffin When I say I'll beat em up I won't be bluffin They can't beef cause that ain't nothin But it don't matter, my pocket gets fatter I got more hats than the Mad Hatter  [Run] Well I'm the rapper with the mic, drive a Caddy not a bike Drop a rhyme in your face, and you'll damn sure like He's an MC with the rhyme know the day and the time Never ever goin low, cause he only climb (And Jay's the DJ with the) cut (move your arm) and your butt So D take the mic, huh hah  [D.M.C.] Say what?  I will not stop, I will not quit Because some at the top but I'm on the tip That's as high on the top as you can get And you best believe, I'll be on it So before you decide, to try me out I'm gonna let you all know what I'm all about I'm a fresh MC, who's on his way to be an MC with the most to say And to all those out there, that don't know me I go by the name of D. M. C. In the place to be, I will MC The Master of the Ceremony cause it's easy to D Control of the mic, is so devestating that all other rappers you will soon be hating No matter what race, creed or color when we pull forward things don't get duller!  [Jam Master Jay cuts for the rest of the song] 
papa crazy-Run-DMC[SEP][Run] Now papa don't give a damn, or say, "Thank you, ma'am" Eatin filet mignon, lobster tails and crab He eats the finest FOOD, he ain't the kindest DUDE and then to put it to you straight he's CRAZY LAZY AND RUDE His temper's boiling hot, whether you like him or not Not to mention bout his mansion and his big ol' yacht He never gave me a dime or even spent, some time and that's why I had to cold write this rhyme about..  [Chorus: Jam Master scratch "papa was", Run-D.M.C. "papa crazy", "crazy" (2X)]  [Run] Now papa livin like a rich man, up on the hill Yeah my daddy got a Caddy funky fresh Seville He got diamonds AND FURS, for his AND HERS and a cat, in the hat that just, chills and purrs Now he eats and grubs, and rocks beats at clubs while mama makin nothin while she sweeps, and rubs You wanna know about his dough, how he got paid well the last, THAT ASKED, got sprayed, AND LAID, because..  [Chorus]  [interlude]  [Run] Papa hang with CRAZY people CRAZY times of the night Runnin round with CRAZY women but but that's alright, because..  [Chorus]  [D.M.C.] Yo Run my papa was CRAZY, crazy as can be and my mama said that he left ME when I was three But my mama never told me he was out of his mind Drinkin wine, all the time, never earnin a dime He didn't care where he slept, or where his clothes were kept He was so in debt somebody broke his neck and on the day that papa died, they wrote on his grave that "Papa died a bum, but he died brave," because..  [Chorus]  [ad libs to last 25 seconds, music eventually ends] 
hollis crew (krush-groove 2)-Run-DMC[SEP]Sucker MC's who did not learn If you don't this time, we shall return  The beat is big, it's kind of large And when we're on the mic, we're in charge It's like that y'all (that y'all) like that y'all (that y'all) Like that-a-tha-that a-like that y'all (that y'all)  Cool chief rocker, I don't drink vodka But keep a microphone inside my locker Go to school everyday, on the side makin pay Cause I'm rockin on the mic until the break of day  And now the things I do make me a star And you could be too if you know who you are Just put your mind to it, you'll go real far Like a pedal to the metal when you're drivin a car  ...Liggy-liggy-liggy-listen to the things that I say Because it's not routine, it's the way I play Just come out my mouth all time of the day And then I must have time to give it away  Hey, they used to call me Easy Dee Cause I rapped on the mic so easily But now they call me D.M.C. (He's) the Emcee of the party The D's for doin it all of the time The M's for the rhymes that are all mine The C's for cool, cool as can be (And why you wear those glasses?) So I can see  Huh-huh  Got rhymes so def, rhymes, rhymes galore Rhymes that you never even heard before Now if you say you heard my rhymes, we're gonna have to fight Cause I just made the super-def rhymes last night  Microphone master, super rhyme maker I get def as the others get faker It's me, D.M.C. in the place to be And I still got the same old harmony I'm the devastatin mic-controller The word wizard and the chief rock roller Bad b-boy made for the b-girls Rock ruler rhymes as the turntable twirls Supreme being who was born to talk And over sucker MC's all day I walk  A few years ago my name was Joe And then I went to a party, cold stole the show Stole it as sure as birds have wings Now they're callin me DJ Running Things Got Kurtis Blow down with the two And my man Larry Lah makes beats for you Keepin up the funky beat is the Hollis Crew So Dee, take the mic cause you know I'm through  In case you wonder what all this means We're funky fresh from Hollis, Queens Run and Kurt both down with me And that's the way it's meant to be I'm the microphone master D.M.C. Devastatin mic-controller personality And to the sucker MC's who did not learn If you don't this time we shall return... 
you're blind-Run-DMC[SEP][Run-D.M.C.] Tenement buildings, and skyscrapers  [Run] Are polluted and often invaded with troubled hearts, and weakened minds Living their lives and hoping to find the golden key, to prosperity Never have a grip on reality This makes day to day living hard Trumpin your fate, never peepin the card You just goin through life without a trace when the answers you seek are in front of your face  [both]	You're blind! [2X] [Run]	Tell 'em D!  [D.M.C.] You're headed for the top, or so you think But that's not true for you, your life is on the brink of self-destruction, total corruption You better get out or die from consumption Sweat for a dollar, to get nothin back Cause at the end of the week, you still get taxed You'd even sell your soul to make your life correct But with the rate of inflation you should eat your check So you try to make a hustle, to get ahead But the only thing you manage is to stay in the red Coppin from John, to sell to Rex And your jones for success has put your life in check  [both]	You're blind! [2X] [Run]	And you can't see [DMC]	You need to wear some glasses [Run]	like D.M.C. [both]	You're blind!  [Run] So you think the facts means you can't win So you devote your time to a life of sin  [D.M.C.] Hangin out late is how you survive Makin deals, talkin jive, and tellin lies Pressure beatin you down [Run]	Like you're not handlin And all the while, your mind is ramblin [Run]	About bein fly Or even sly [both]	And bein held low in the public eye You decide these things but you don't know why [both]	You're standin on a corner cold playin the post Cause another sucker you were chillin the most  [both]	You're blind! [2X] [Run]	Yo you can't see [DMC]	You need to wear some glasses [Run]	like D.M.C. [both]	You're blind! [2X]  [D.M.C.] You (Run) round talkin bout what you hate Livin your life just to perpetrate You think your style is chill, because you're always cold with your platform shoes and your fake gold [Run]	So you think you're bad Sheer dynamite But if you only knew the crew called you freak's delight  [Run] Wearin the tightest jeans, and shortest skirt You think you're cold chillin, lookin like a jerk No matter what you do, come out second rate [DMC]	Thinkin you're on time but you're already late You're blind  [Run]	You're blind!  And you can't see [DMC]	You need to wear some glasses [Run]	like D.M.C. [both]	You're blind! [Run]	And you can't see [DMC]	You need to wear some glasses [Run]	like D.M.C. [both]	You're blind!  [DMC]	The moral to the story may not be clear [Run]	And the only way to catch it is to lend an ear [DMC]	Stop frontin so hard [Run]	Why don't you peep your card? [DMC]	And your goals in life may not be far Because these words I say are meant for you to hear So if you bust these facts you will persevere  [both]	You're blind! [2X] [Run]	And you can't see [DMC]	You needs to wear some glasses [Run]	like D.M.C. [both]	You're blind! [Run]	And you can't see [DMC]	You need to wear some glasses [Run]	like D.M.C. [both]	You're blind! [2X] [Run]	And you can't see [DMC]	You need to wear some glasses [Run]	like D.M.C. [both]	You're blind! [2X] [Run]	And you can't see [DMC]	You need to wear some glasses [Run]	like D.M.C. [both]	You're blind! [2X] [Run]	And you can't see [DMC]	You need to wear some glasses [Run]	like D.M.C. [both]	You're blind! [2X] [Run]	And you can't see [DMC]	You need to wear some glasses [Run]	like D.M.C. [music fades out] 
can i get it, yo-Run-DMC[SEP][Run] Can I get this? Now DJ Run I run amuck and run to hit this "Hit it Run!"  My name is Joe I need hoe Can I get a witness (HOE!) And when I come you're lookin dumb You say who did this (DID THIS) did this (DID THIS) Face you're lookin dumb on, hum could you HUM ON Beats are droppin now and what and why and when and how Drop it come on, come on, I got some on, my TIP Get me up and goin for the vickie vickie VICK Beefin through your teeth and what you see is what you GET Suckers what you lack is what you lickie lickie LICK Now off into esophagus that be coughin out a rhyme Now some are dumb make fun of dem but Run and dem be kind So come on, come on, got you swingin on my BO Suckers seek my facial but you see I lay you LOW I flow (FLOW) you know (KNOW) a pro (PRO) and so (SO) Let me get a hoe on the down-low "God damn!!"  Ah can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo)  [D.M.C.] It's like that y'all (THAT Y'ALL) It's like that y'all (THAT Y'ALL) My name is Darryl Mac and I'm fat y'all (FAT Y'ALL) Back one more time [time] here to get mine [mine] Fresh in the flesh with the hardcore rhymes (RHYMES) Me, D.M.C. (Cee) the only MC (cee) Rock shock the house and I'm still cock-dee (DEE) Brothers know my style (STYLE) D. Mac buckwild (WILD) You wonder where I've been?  I've been gone for a while (WHILE) Back to attack [tack] the wick-wick-wack (WACK) Me Darryl Mac [Mac] suckers on my BOZACK Down with Run [Run] so don't act stunned [stunned] Run-D.M.C., shootin like a SHOTGUN (BOOM!) In effect, cause I'm still rulin "I'm the KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING," and I'm still coolin  Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) C-can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo)  [Jam Master Jay] My name is Jay, the Jam Master, gettin loose Tupac had some, but now I got the _Juice_ I'm gettin stupid, you wonder why I'm ill? Cause I've been around, and still got these skills * Jay cuts "one one one" * two mic check gettin wreck A real street nigga, so yo show respect I make you wanna JUMP JUMP around wicked Run-D.M.C., and Jam Master kickin it with the flow that's slow cause I'm good to go Still rock a show, gettin dough, and aiyyo (aiyyo) straight from Hollis, Queens, yeah you heard me "Jayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!"  Peace, arreviderci  Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo)  [Run] Still the King of Rock, hoe around the tick-tock Rappers sweatin Joseph Simmons, ever since I dropped _Rock Box_ Multiplatinum, waxin em while I'm maxin em "Who's House?"  God's House, so chill while I'm taxin em  [D.M.C.] Rappers poppin mad smack, about the King of Rap Ten million sold, SEVEN DIGIT CONTRACT  [Run] JMJ, gettin busy on the crossfader Beats hardcore, diesel like the Schwarzeneggar  [Parrish] Respect the black crown [Sermon]  Sounds underground [D.M.C.]  Any stage they built [Joseph]  Run tore it down!  Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo) Now can I get it yo?  (Yeah, you got it yo)  [Jam Master Jay cuts "God damn!"] 
my adidas-Run-DMC[SEP]My Adidas walked through concert doors and roamed all over coliseum floors I stepped on stage, at Live Aid All the people gave and the poor got paid And out of speakers I did speak I wore my sneakers but I'm not a sneak My Adidas cuts the sand of a foreign land with mic in hand I cold took command my Adidas and me, close as can be we make a mean team, my Adidas and me we get around together, rhyme forever and we won't be mad when worn in bad weather My Adidas.. My Adidas.. My Adidas  standin on 2 Fifth St. funky fresh and yes cold on my feet with no shoe string in em, I did not win em I bought em off the Ave with the black Lee denim I like to sport em that's why I bought em a sucker tried to steal em so I caught em and I fought em and I walk down the street and I bop to the beat with Lee on my legs and adidas on my feet and now I just standin here shooting the gif me and D and my Adidas standing on 2 Fifth My Adidas.. My Adidas..  Now me and my Adidas do the illest things we like to stomp out pimps with diamond rings we slay all suckers who perpetrate and lay down law from state to state we travel on gravel, dirt road or street I wear my Adidas when I rock the beat on stage front page every show I go it's Adidas on my feet high top or low My Adidas.. My Adidas..  Now the Adidas I possess for one man is rare myself homeboy got 50 pair got blue and black cause I like to chill and yellow and green when it's time to get ill got a pair that I wear when I'm playin ball with the heal inside make me 10 feet tall my Adidas only bring good news and they are not used as selling shoes they're black and white, white with black stripe the ones I like to wear when I rock the mic on the strength of our famous university we took the beat from the street and put it on TV my Adidas are seen on the movie screen Hollywood knows we're good if you know what I mean we started in the alley, now we chill in Cali and I won't trade my Adidas for no beat up Bally's My Adidas.. 
ooh, whatcha gonna do-Run-DMC[SEP]Never let a punk get away with murder Gun shots, gun shots, all you heard-a What's up?  What's up?  What's the word up? Press your luck or buck another sucker just ducked Ooh, whatcha gonna do [4X]  [D.M.C.] A vain from my brain means I'm causin em pain Comin rough with the stuff that's just a part of the game The rhymes have been hard since the start of the jam So I'ma pull my jammy out and I'ma murder the man Bust a rap like a cap, put a hole in your soul Take the trigger then you figured that I'm losin control I go loco with the vocals, yo goes the chokehold And I broke those pros with the dope flows I slow rolls, NO I don't smoke those Leave the blunts for the punks in front rows I said mine, headline or deadline You see redline, here comes your bedtime I lay it down, lay it low Now I'm off and runnin on some new rhyme flow I flex break necks bust tecs mic checks son fill you full of lead and now get ready for the next one  Never let a punk get away with murder Gun shots, gun shots, all you heard-a What's up?  What's up?  What's the word up? Press your luck or buck another sucker just ducked Ooh, whatcha gonna do [4X] ..  [Run] Now mic check and respect, come correct, and I can protect You never knew (DJ who?)  DJ Run'll wreck hard, God, may be dope you never knew me nope Where you been your hand is sendin DOWN, can you really cope? Forever makin and breakin it and cold wreckin it As for my title it's vital, you're never TAKIN it I throw a stand across the stage and you'll get BUCKED down Like Kris-One said, I fly a head you better _Duck Down_ I sold good and then plenty like ? Charlie said Like Mike I glove it you love it and now it's for my bread It's goin down on the mound watch a nigga pitch Bang your thang and hang your damn NECKS, now you gettin it I see them go, and come, cause what they pumpin weak And now I'm flippin the script and they can hardly speak I bust a nut then run amuck all on a sucker COOL Now whatcha gonna do?  Whatcha gonna do?!  Never let a punk get away with murder Gun shots, gun shots, all you heard-a What's up?  What's up?  What's the word up? Press your luck or buck another sucker just ducked Ooh, whatcha gonna do [4X]  Never let a punk get away with murder Gun shots, gun shots, all you heard-a What's up?  What's up?  What's the word up? Press your luck or buck another sucker just ducked Ooh, whatcha gonna do [4X]  Never let a punk get away with murder Gun shots, gun shots, all you heard-a What's up?  What's up?  What's the word up? Press your luck or buck another sucker just ducked.. 
peter piper-Run-DMC[SEP]Now Peter Piper picked peppers but Run rocked rhymes Humpty Dumpty fell down that's his hard time Jack B. Nimble what nimble and he was quick But Jam Master cut faster Jack's on Jay's dick Now Little Bo Peep cold lost her sheep And Rip van Winkle fell the hell asleep And Alice chillin somewhere in Wonderland Jack's servin Jill a bucket in his hand And Jam Master Jay's making out our sound The turntables might wobble but they don't fall down  Now Dr. Seuss and Mother Goose both did their thing But Jam Master's gettin loose and D.M.C.'s the king Cause he's adult entertainer Child educator Jam Master Jay king of the crossfader He's the better of the best best believe he's the baddest Perfect timin when I'm climbin I'm a rhymin apparatus Lot of guts When he cuts Girls move their butts His name is Jay hear the play he must be nuts And on the mix real quick and I'd like to say He's not Flash but he's fast and his name is Jay  Jay's like King Midas as I was told Everything that he touched turned to gold He's the greatest of the greater get it straight He's great Playing fame cause his name is known in every state His name is Jay To see him play Will make you say God damn that DJ made my day Like the butcher the baker The candlestick maker He's a maker a breaker And a title taker Like the little old lady who lived in a shoe If cuts were kids he would be you Not lyin y'all he's the best I know And if I lie my nose will grow Like a little wooden boy named Pinocchio And you all know how the story go  Tricks are for kids he plays much gigs He's a big bad wolf and you're the three pigs He's a big bad wolf in your neighborhood Not bad meaning bad but bad meaning good  We're Run-D.M.C. got a beef to settle D's not Hansel he's not Gretel Jay's a winner Not a beginner His pockets get fat others get thinner Jump on Jay like cows jump moons People chase Jay like dish and spoon And like all fairy tales end You'll see Jay again my friend 
can you rock it like this-Run-DMC[SEP]If I eat, a little kid, sticks his finger in my plate I be signing autographs, for three months straight I got jet-set women, who offer me favors My face is a thousand lipstick flavors Need a sip of lemonade, I'm a slave to my trade From all these lights my complexion might fade Secretary overworked, by a money hungry jerk Got a letter, answer woman, won't you freak out on my shirt?  Well can you rock it like this?         I can rock it like that Can you rock it like this?              I can rock it like that Huh!! [echoes]  Your ears are clogged, your head as hard as a log My privacy robbed, let me do my job You funny lookin slob eatin shiskabob You're the reason why my eyes are on the doorknob  Can you rock it like this?              I think I rock it like that But can you rock it like this?          Homeboy I rock it like that  I'm straining not complaining for a casual life Something normal nuttin formal three kids and a wife I'm dying from the spying that you're putting me through I perspire I'm on fire when I'm thinking of you  But can you rock it like this?          I can rock it like that Well can you rock it like this?         I can rock it like that Huh!! [echoes]  Can you rock it like this?              I can rock it like that But can you rock it like this?          I can rock it like that Huh!! [echoes]  News reporters, invade my borders If I think it I will say it, you might have a recorder And then, UHH-OHH, the nation's in upheaval Old dating always thinking at me evil You're stepping on my heels, you're breathing down my neck I'm not Rodney Dangerfield, so give me respect  Can you rock it like this?              I-I can rock it like that But can you rock it like this?          Homeboy I rock it like that  Can you rock it like this?              Yo I can rock it like that But can you rock it like this?          I can rock it like that Hu-Huh-Huh!! *echoes*  What it all adds up to, is just one thing Run-D.M.C is, the king of the swing And if you mess with us, you'll be a real short liver You may be big but our bodyguard's bigger [echoes]  Can you rock it like this?              I can rock it like that Can you rock it like this?              I can rock it like that [echoes]  Can you rock it like this?              I can rock it like that Can you rock it like this?              Homeboy I rock it like that [echoes] 
get open-Run-DMC[SEP]We get open! [8X]  [Run] I seen you hopin and scopin I'm copin as I get you wide open Dyin and lyin while you're cryin and mopin Flippin and rippin money-grippin be gropin The baddest apparatus got the fad as I'm open I never slip or fell, I raise up ?? well I bash you in your bell, you got static in hell And when you seen the fire you got jealous, you jeal' So sucker just retire, you admire my skill I'm never the type of guy to close the door in your face I got you wide open, Run is runnin a race Takin what's mine and what's left is a waste Leavin them behind and all suckers on the chase Got a dope track, comin real dope an' I get legit, we get, I get..  We get open! [14X] We get..  [Jam Master Jay] Word up! I freak the beat up, boom! Now bass up, pick the pace up Jam Master blastin through the plaster cause I has ta Hard rocks like to rock it, you can't stop it ?? Poll in ten years, I'ma walk away a prophet ?? You don't stop, I stop styles in the attic Kick the fat flavor that you can't be mad at ?? what's the matter, more mix in granny's batter Run-D.M.C.'s fatter, so kill the chit-chatter Zigga zigga Jay, jigga jigga pump pump Gettin bigger Babe Pah, figure nigga freak the funk 3 in the Head, ten yards to go Blow up the spot for those that forgot Stay stable as a navel, try an' rhyme rough and able (With the Baldhead Kidz!) Word up, blow up the label Boom boom boom, broke-in, got ya jok-in Me, Run and D, we're gettin open!  We get open! [16X] We get..  [D.M.C.] Open the door, let me in so my rhyme, can now begin Forget the hit and all the (shit) that you used to get with, because it's not legit I rewrote the script, I flip the ship I bust a lip, it's time to rip the mic I grip Darryl McDan', use abuse I bruise the crews, I refuse to lose My composure, I will bulldoze ya A froze enclosure, where no one knows ya Who dat - who flew that head, well it's said D put the head to bed and you're dead Moms is cryin, MC's is dyin I'm knockin down jaws with paws, like a lion I wrote the dope quotes, now the punks is scopin I knuckle up and punch and bust his fronts open  We get open! [8X]  [Jam Master Jay and Onyx] Word up, I'd like to thank G-O-D (man above) Run-D.M.C. in the house (representin no question) Onyx in the house (word up) ??Cha Skills?? on the wheels (word up) Word up J-M-J ?? in the house Randy D, get with me We, we get, we, we get, we..  We get open! [32X] 
perfection-Run-DMC[SEP][DMC]	Everyone out there ready? [Run]	It goes a one, two, three, and..  [Run] Perfection to D, is quite essential He has to live up, to his potential  [DMC] I work real hard all day and night I get to it and do it cause I want it right I got bass, (tone), I use, (y'know) And then I rock (the funky) rhyme (on) the (microphone) I got a funky fresh (car) with the funky fresh (bar) I'm a funky fresh (star) and I'm up to (par) My name is D.M.(C!) down with Run and (Jay) Is everything copacetic y'all?  (Kind of A-O-K)  [both] PERFECTION	(yo yo yo, what we talkin bout, what we talkin bout) PERFECTION	(most definitely)  [DMC] I got prescription glasses and my eyes are correct Two times every year I go to have them checked Per-fection's my selection, and I will select And if it's not (per-fect) I will perfect  [both] PERFECTION..	(what we got?) PERFECTION  [Run] .. who me?  You want me? I got a, credit (card) made out of (gold) I get (pass) in a (class) and the story's told I got D.M.(C.), I got JM(J) I got Jeff (he's def) and Runny Ray I got a dog (a cat) a mouse (a rat) A fly (he won't die) and a little gnat My name is DJ (Run) and he's Darryl (Mack) Run-(D.M.C.), right AND EXACT  [both] PERFECTION PERFECTION..	(c'mon let's get em, tell em D)  [DMC] I won't fail, I won't flop Stall or stutter yes I won't stop It takes hard work, to be like this (You should know) cause I'm a perfectionist  [both] PERFECTION PERFECTION PERFECTION..	(yo DJ Run what is it?) PERFECTION..	(perfectly speaking) PERFECTION PERFECTION PERFECTION	(p-p-p-perfect) PERFECTION..	(perfectly speaking) PERFECTION	(p-pu-p-pu, 100 percent) PERFECTION	(roll roll roll, c'mon c'mon c'mon) PERFECTION	(word, there it is) 
is it live-Run-DMC[SEP][Intro:]  [Run & D.M.C]  The microphone master DMC Causes 1, 2, 3, 4 casualties You'll be praisin D down on your knees Cos I'm poppin, and droppin, stoppin all MC's  [Verse One:]  [Run]  Connect, eject, and collect respect Get down to the sound cos I come correct So when I write don't bite and I might check And if I find your behind I'll break your neck Mr. World Rhymin' Rapper ready to have fun You'll reason with the rekkid cos it's made by Run It's def, you was left in a total stun So bust a move while I prove who's number one Got quality and skill both beyond belief Do I steal? Be for real, I'm not a thief Dictator and hater of those that beef That's right I can fight and I'm the chief  [Verse Two:]  [DMC]  People in the place don't put D down I'm the microphone master the best around There's not too many of my type And all rap titles I will swipe You'll see me talkin to a girl A sweet young thing with jheri curls I never ever wore a braid Got the peasiest hair and still get paid  [Run]  Well I'm dropping MC's with just one punch Cos it's the baddest of the bunch so call me Capt. Crunch Slayin MC's, make em walk the plank And what's next, start the decks while I count I count my bank  [DMC]  And I'm the wizard of words, the ruler of rap Not soft, not a sucka, could never be a sap You might get jacked cos you talk crap When I bust my rap they all step back I'm paid on stage, Run's on my left On his right, on the mic, I recite I'm def Because every performer is only a goner Keep all sissy soft suckas off my corner  [Scratch: LL Cool J "Is it live?"]  Cos Darryl Mac will do things like that...  [Verse Three:]  [Run]  The sophisticated sound, not soft or sour It's servin you suckas, sellin dreams in the shower It's rockin this party hour, hour after hour If a girlie tried to diss this (What's up with that?) I won't allow her Cool chief rapper, I see a girl I tap her Then I take her on the floor, she don't dance, I slap her The girl starts to cry and the crowd asks me why If Run says "dance" you do or die! 
sad eyes-Robert John[SEP]Looks like it's over, you knew I couldn't stay She's coming home today We had a good thing, I'll miss your sweet love Why must you look at me that way, it's over  Sad eyes, turn the other way I don't want to see you cry Sad eyes, you knew there'd come a day When we would have to say goodbye  Try to remember the magic that we shared In time your broken heart will mend I never used you, you knew I really cared I hate to sit and defend, but it's over  Sad eyes, turn the other way I don't want to see you cry Sad eyes, you knew there'd come a day When we would have to say goodbye  Sad eyes, turn the other way I don't want to see you cry Sad eyes, you knew there'd come a day When we would have to say goodbye  Sad eyes, turn the other way I don't want to see you cry (cry, cry, cry) Sad eyes, you knew there'd come a day When we would have to say goodbye  Sad eyes, turn the other way 
the sign-Ace of Base[SEP]I, I got a new life You would hardly recognize me I'm so glad How could a person like me care for you? Why, why do I bother When you're not the one for me Is enough enough?  I saw the sign And it opened up my eyes I saw the sign Life is demanding without understanding  I saw the sign And it opened up my eyes I saw the sign No one's gonna drag you up to get into the light where you belong But where do you belong  Under the pale moon For so many years I've wondered who you are How could a person like you bring me joy? Under the pale moon Where I see a lot of stars Is enough enough?  I saw the sign And it opened up my eyes I saw the sign Life is demanding without understanding  I saw the sign And it opened up my eyes I saw the sign No one's gonna drag you up to get into the light where you belong But where do you belong  I saw the sign And it opened up my mind And I am happy now living without you I've left you  I saw the sign And it opened up my eyes I saw the sign No one's gonna drag you up to get into the light where you belong  I saw the sign I saw the sign I saw the sign I saw the sign I saw the sign I saw the sign I saw the sign I saw the sign And it opened up my eyes I saw the sign 
how do i live-LeAnn Rimes[SEP]How do I, Get through one night without you? If I had to live without you, What kind of life would that be? Oh, I... I need you in my arms, need you to hold, You're my world, my heart, my soul, If you ever leave, Baby you would take away everything good in my life, And tell me now How do I live without you? I want to know, How do I breathe without you? If you ever go, How do I ever, ever survive? How do I, how do I, oh how do I live? Without you, There'd be no sun in my sky, There would be no love in my life, There'd be no world left for me. And I, Baby I don't know what I would do, I'd be lost if I lost you, If you ever leave, Baby you would take away everything real in my life, And tell me now, How do I live without you? I want to know, How do I breathe without you? If you ever go, How do I ever, ever survive? How do I, how do I, oh how do I live? Please tell me baby, How do I go on? If you ever leave, Baby you would take away everything, I need you with me, Baby don't you know that you're everything, Good in my life? And tell me now, How do I live without you, I want to know, How do I breathe without you? If you ever go, How do I ever, ever survive? How do I, how do I, oh how do I live? How do I live without you? How do I live without you baby? 
el condor pasa (if i could)-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]I'd rather be a sparrow than a snail Yes, I would If I could I surely would  I'd rather be a hammer than a nail Yes, I would If I only could I surely would  Away, I'd rather sail away Like a swan that's here and gone A man gets tied up to the ground He gives the world its saddest sound It's saddest sound  I'd rather be a forest than a street Yes, I would If I could I surely would  I'd rather feel the earth beneath my feet Yes, I would If I only could I surely would 
mrs. robinson-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]And here's to you, Mrs. Robinson Jesus loves you more than you will know, wo wo wo God bless you please, Mrs. Robinson Heaven holds a place for those who pray, hey hey hey Hey hey hey  We'd like to know a little bit about you for our files We'd like to help you learn to help yourself Look around you, all you see are sympathetic eyes Stroll around the grounds until you feel at home  And here's to you, Mrs. Robinson Jesus loves you more than you will know, wo wo wo God bless you please, Mrs. Robinson Heaven holds a place for those who pray, hey hey hey Hey hey hey  Hide it in a hiding place where no one ever goes Put it in your pantry with your cupcakes It's a little secret, just the Robinsons' affair Most of all, you've got to hide it from the kids  Coo coo ca-choo, Mrs. Robinson Jesus loves you more than you will know, wo wo wo God bless you please, Mrs. Robinson Heaven holds a place for those who pray, hey hey hey Hey hey hey  Sitting on a sofa on a Sunday afternoon Going to the candidates' debate Laugh about it, shout about it When you've got to choose Every way you look at it you lose  Where have you gone, Joe DiMaggio? A nation turns its lonely eyes to you, wo wo wo What's that you say, Mrs. Robinson 'Joltin Joe' has left and gone away, hey hey hey Hey hey hey 
old friends-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]Old friends Old friends Sat on their park bench Like bookends A newspaper blown through the grass Falls on the round toes On the high shoes Of the old friends  Old friends Winter companions The old men Lost in their overcoats Waiting for the sunset The sounds of the city Sifting through trees Settle like dust On the shoulders Of the old friends  Can you imagine us Years from today Sharing a park bench quietly? How terribly strange To be seventy  Old friends Memory brushes the same years Silently sharing the same fear  Time it was And what a time it was It was . . . A time of innocence A time of confidences  Long ago . . . it must be . . . I have a photograph Preserve your memories They're all that's left you 
save the life of my child-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]"Good God! Don't Jump!" A boy sat on the ledge And old man who had fainted was revived (He's all right) And everyone agreed 'twould be a miracle indeed If the boy survived "Save the life of my child!" Cried the desperate mother  The woman from the supermarket Ran to call the cops "He must be high on something, " someone said Thought it never made the New York Times In the Daily News the caption read "Save the life of my child!" Cried the desperate mother  (Hello, darkness, my old friend, I've come to talk with you again.)  A patrol car passing by Halted to a stop Said officer MacDougal in dismay "The force can't do a decent job 'Cause the kids got no respect For the law today" (and blah blah blah) "Save the life of my child!" Cried the desperate mother "Oh, what's becoming of the children?" People asking each other  When darkness fell, excitement kissed the crowd And it made them wild In an atmosphere of freaky holiday When the spotlight hit the boy The crowd began to cheer He flew away  "Oh my Grace, I got no hiding place" "Oh my Grace, I got no hiding place" 
barbriallen(from "the columbia studio recordings (1964–1970)" box set)-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]It was in the merry month of May When green bugs were a-swelling Sweet William on his death bed lay For the love of Barbriallen  He sent his servant to the town The place where she'd been dwelling Say master dear has sent me here If your name be Barbriallen  And slowly, slowly she got up And slowly she went to him And all she said when she got there Young man I think you are dying  Oh, don't you remember the other day When we where in a tavern You drank your health to the ladies there And you slided Barbriallen  He turned his face unto the wall He turned his back upon her Adieu, adieu to all my friends Be kind to Barbriallen  She looked to the east, she looked to the west She saw his corpse a-coming Oh, put him down for me she cried That I may gaze upon him  The more she looked, the more she grieved She bursted it out in crying Oh, pick me up and carry me home For I feel like I am dying  They buried sweet Willy in the old church yard And Barbara in the new one From Willy's grave there grew a rose From Barbara's a green briar  They grew and they grew on the old church wall And could not grow no higher And there they tied in a true love's knot The rose bush and the briar. 
why don't you write me-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]Why don't you write me, I'm out in the jungle, I'm hungry to hear you. Send me a card, I am waiting so hard To be near you. (La, la, la) Why don't you write? Something is wrong And I know I got to be there. Maybe I'm lost, But I can't make the cost Of the airfare. Tell me why Why Why Tell me why Why Why Why don't you write me, A letter would brighten My loneliest evening. Mail it today If it's only to say That you're leaving me. (La, la, la) Monday morning, sitting in the sun Hoping and wishing for the mail to come. Tuesday, never got a word, Wednesday, Thursday, ain't no sign, Drank a half a bottle of iodine. Friday, woe is me Gonna hang my body from the highest tree. Why don't you write me? 
peggy-o-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]As we marched down to Faneri-o As we marched down to Faneri-o Our captain fell in love with a lady like a dove And they called her name, pretty Peggy-o  Come a runnin' down the stairs, pretty Peggy-o Come a runnin' down the stairs, pretty Peggy-o Come a runnin' down the stairs Combin' back your yellow hair You're the prettiest little girl I've ever seen-o  In a carriage you will ride, pretty Peggy-o In a carriage you will ride, pretty Peggy-o In a carriage you will ride With your true love by your side As far as any maiden in the ar-e-o  What will your mother say, pretty Peggy-o? What will your mother say, pretty Peggy-o? What will your mother say When she finds you've gone away To places far and strange to Faneri-o?  If ever I return, pretty Peggy-o If ever I return, pretty Peggy-o If ever I return, all your cities I will burn Destroying all the ladies in the ar-e-o Destroying all the ladies in the ar-e-o 
go tell it on the mountain-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]Hallelujah! Go tell it on the mountain Over the hills and everywhere Go tell it on the mountain Jesus Christ is born  Down the lonely manger The humble Christ was born And God sent salvation That blessed Christmas morn  [repeat chorus]  While shepherds kept their watch O'er silent flocks by night Behold throughout the heavens There shown a holy light  [repeat chorus and 1st verse]  [repeat chorus] 
fifty ways to leave your lover-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]"The problem is all inside your head" She said to me "The answer is easy if you Take it logically I'd like to help you in your struggle To be free There must be fifty ways To leave your lover"  She said, "It's really not my habit to intrude Furthermore, I hope my meaning Won't be lost or misconstrued But I'll repeat myself At the risk of being crude There must be fifty ways To leave your lover Fifty ways to leave your lover"  You just slip out the back, Jack Make a new plan, Stan You don't need to be coy, Roy Just get yourself free Hop on the bus, Gus You don't need to discuss much Just drop off the key, Lee And get yourself free  Ooh, slip out the back, Jack Make a new plan, Stan You don't need to be coy, Roy Just listen to me Hop on the bus, Gus You don't need to discuss much Just drop off the key, Lee And get yourself free  She said, "It grieves me so To see you in such pain I wish there was something I could do To make you smile again" I said, "I appreciate that And would you please explain About the fifty ways?"  She said, "Why don't we both Just sleep on it tonight And I believe in the morning You'll begin to see the light" And then she kissed me And I realized she probably was right There must be fifty ways To leave your lover Fifty ways to leave your lover  You just slip out the back, Jack Make a new plan, Stan You don't need to be coy, Roy Just get yourself free Hop on the bus, Gus You don't need to discuss much Just drop off the key, Lee And get yourself free  Slip out the back, Jack Make a new plan, Stan You don't need to be coy, Roy Just listen to me Hop on the bus, Gus You don't need to discuss much Just drop off the key, Lee And get yourself free 
the 59th street bridge song (feelin' groovy)-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]Slow down, you move too fast You got to make the morning last Just kicking down the cobblestones Looking for fun and feelin' groovy Ba da da da da da da, feelin' groovy  Hello, lamppost, what'cha knowin'? I've come to watch your flowers growin' Ain't'cha got no rhymes for me? Doot-in doo-doo, feelin' groovy Ba da da da da da da, feelin' groovy  I got no deeds to do No promises to keep I'm dappled and drowsy and ready to sleep Let the morning time drop all its petals on me Life, I love you All is groovy 
wednesday morning, 3 a.m.-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]I can hear the soft breathing Of the girl that I love As she lies here beside me Asleep with the night And her hair, in a fine mist Floats on my pillow Reflecting the glow Of the winter moonlight  She is soft, she is warm But my heart remains heavy And I watch as her breasts Gently rise, gently fall For I know with the first light of dawn I'll be leaving And tonight will be All I have left to recall  Oh, what have I done, Why have I done it? I've committed a crime, I have broken the law For twenty-five dollars And pieces of silver I held up and robbed A hard liquor store  My life seems unreal, My crime an illusion A scene badly written In which I must play Yet I know as I gaze At my young love beside me The morning is just a few hours away 
the big bright green pleasure mahine-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]Do people have a tendency to dump on you? Does your group have more cavities than theirs? Do all the hippies seem to get the jump on you? Do you sleep alone when other sleep in pairs? Well there's no need to complain, We'll eliminate your pain. We can neutralize your brain. You'll feel just fine Now. Buy a big bright green pleasure machine!  Do figures of authority just shoot you down? Is life within the business world a drag? Did your boss just mention that you'd better shop around To find yourself a more productive bag? Are you worried and distressed? Can't seem to get no rest? Put our product to the test. You'll feel just fine Now. Buy a big bright green pleasure machine!  You better hurry up and order one. Our limited supply is very nearly gone.  Do you nervously await the blows of cruel fate? Do your checks bounce higher than a rubber ball? Are you worried 'cause your girlfriend's just a little late? Are you looking for a way to chuck it all? We can end your daily strife At a reasonable price. You've seen it advertised in Life. You'll feel just fine Now. Buy a big bright green pleasure machine. 
april come she will-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]April come she will When streams are ripe and swelled with rain; May, she will stay, Resting in my arms again.  June, she'll change her tune, In restless walks she'll prowl the night; July, she will fly And give no warning to her flight.  August, die she must, The autumn winds blow chilly and cold; September I'll remember A love once new has now grown old. 
bridge over troubled water-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]When you're weary, feeling small, When tears are in your eyes I will dry them all I'm on your side Oh when times get rough And friends just can't be found  Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down  When you're down and out When you're on the street When evening falls so hard I will comfort you I'll take your part Oh when darkness comes And pain is all around  Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down  Sail on, silver girl Sail on by Your time has come to shine All your dreams are on their way See how they shine Oh if you need a friend I'm sailing right behind  Like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind Like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind 
sparrow-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]Who will love a little Sparrow Who's traveled far and cries for rest? “Not I,” said the Oak Tree “I won't share my branches with no sparrow's nest And my blanket of leaves won't warm her cold breast”  Who will love a little Sparrow And who will speak a kindly word? “Not I,” said the Swan “The entire idea is utterly absurd I'd be laughed at and scorned if the other Swans heard”  And who will take pity in his heart And who will feed a starving Sparrow? “Not I,” said the Golden Wheat “I would if I could, but I cannot, I know I need all my grain to prosper and grow”  Who will love a little Sparrow? Will no one write her eulogy? “I will,” said the Earth “For all I've created returns unto me From dust were ye made and dust ye shall be” 
so long, frank lloyd wright-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]So long, Frank Lloyd Wright. I can't believe your song is gone so soon. I barely learned the tune So soon So soon.  I'll remember Frank Lloyd Wright. All of the nights we'd harmonize till dawn. I never laughed so long So long. So long.  Architects may come and Architects may go and Never change your point of view. When I run dry I stop awhile and think of you.  Architects may come and Architects may go and Never change your point of view.  So long, Frank Lloyd Wright, All of the nights we'd harmonize till dawn. I never laughed so long So long So long. 
late in the evening-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]The first thing I remember, I was lying in my bed I couldn't've been no more than one or two And I remember there's a radio, coming from the room next door My mother laughed away some ladies' due  Well it's late in the evening, and all the music sees me through  The next thing I remember, I am walking down a street I'm feeling alright with my boys and with my troops, yeah Down along the avenue some guys are shootin' pool And I heard the sound of acapella groups, yeah  Singin' late in the evening, and all the girls out on the stoops, yeah  Then I remember playin' some lead guitar, I was underage in this funky bar And I stepped outside to smoke myself a J When I come back to the room, everybody just seemed to move And I turned my amp up louder to get away  It was late in the evening, and I blew that room away  First thing I remember when you came into my life I said I wanna get that girl, no matter what I do Well I guess I've been in love before and once or twice have been on the floor But I've never loved no-one the way that I love you  And it was late in the evening, and all the music sees me through  First thing I remember when you came into my life I said I wanna get that girl, no matter what I do Well I guess I've been in love before and once or twice have been on the floor But I've never loved no-one the way that I love you  And it was late in the evening, and all the music sees me through 
somewhere they can't find me-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]I can hear the soft breathing of the girl that I love, As she lies here beside me asleep with the night. Her hair in a fine mist floats on my pillow, Reflecting the glow of the winter moonlight.  But I've got to creep down the alley way, Fly down the highway, Before they come to catch me I'll be gone. Somewhere they can't find me.  Oh baby, you don't know what I've done, I've committed a crime, I've broken the law. While you were here sleeping and just dreaming of me, I held up and robbed a liquor store.  But I've got to creep down the alley way, Fly down the highway, Before they come to catch me I'll be gone. Somewhere they can't find me.  Oh my life seems unreal, my crime an illusion, A scene badly written in which I must play. And thought it puts me up tight to leave you, I know it's not right to leave you, When morning is just a few hours away.  But I've got to creep down the alley way, Fly down the highway, Before they come to catch me I'll be gone. Somewhere they can't find me. 
patterns-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]The night sets softly With the hush of falling leaves, Casting shivering shadows On the houses through the trees, And the light from a street lamp Paints a pattern on my wall, Like the pieces of a puzzle Or a child's uneven scrawl.  Up a narrow flight of stairs In a narrow little room, As I lie upon my bed In the early evening gloom. Impaled on my wall My eyes can dimly see The pattern of my life And the puzzle that is me.  From the moment of my birth To the instant of my death, There are patterns I must follow Just as I must breathe each breath. Like a rat in a maze The path before me lies, And the pattern never alters Until the rat dies.  And the pattern still remains On the wall where darkness fell, And it's fitting that it should, For in darkness I must dwell. Like the color of my skin, Or the day that I grow old, My life is made of patterns That can scarcely be controlled. 
wake up little susie-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]Wake up little Susie, wake up, wake up little Susie, wake up We both fell sound asleep, wake up little Susie and weep The movie's over, it's four o'clock and we're in trouble deep  [Chorus:] Wake up little Susie, wake up little Susie Well, what're we gonna tell your mama, what're we gonna tell your papa What're gonna tell our friends when they say 'ooh la la' Wake up little Susie, wake up little Susie  Well, I told your mama that you'd be in by ten Well, Susie baby, looks like we goofed again  Wake up little Susie, wake up little Susie, we gotta go home  Wake up little Susie, wake up, wake up little Susie, wake up The movie wasn't so hot, it didn't have much of a plot We fell asleep, our goose is cooked, our reputation is shot  [Chorus]  Wake up little Susie 
i am a rock-Simon & Garfunkel[SEP]A winter's day In a deep and dark December I am alone Gazing from my window To the streets below On a freshly fallen, silent shroud of snow  I am a rock I am an island  I've built walls A fortress, steep and mighty That none may penetrate I have no need of friendship Friendship causes pain Its laughter and its loving I disdain  I am a rock I am an island  Don't talk of love Well, I've heard the words before It's sleeping in my memory I won't disturb the slumber Of feelings that have died If I never loved, I never would have cried  I am a rock I am an island  I have my books And my poetry to protect me I am shielded in my armor Hiding in my room Safe within my womb I touch no one and no one touches me  I am a rock I am an island  And a rock feels no pain And an island never cries 
all or none-Pearl Jam[SEP]It's a hopeless... situation And I'm starting to believe That this hopeless... situation Is what I'm trying to achieve  But I try To run on Towards All or none,... all or none  Here's the selfless confession Leading me back to war Can we help that,.. our destinations Are the ones we've been before  I still try To run on Towards all Or none,... all or none  To myself I... surrender To the one I'll never please  I still try,.. to run on But I still try,.. to run on But it's All or none,... all or none. 
black-Pearl Jam[SEP]Hey... oooh...  Sheets of empty canvas, untouched sheets of clay Were laid spread out before me as her body once did All five horizons revolved around her soul as the earth to the sun Now the air I tasted and breathed has taken a turn  Ooh, and all I taught her was everything Ooh, I know she gave me all that she wore  And now my bitter hands chafe beneath the clouds of what was everything Oh, the pictures have all been washed in black, tattooed everything...  I take a walk outside, I'm surrounded by some kids at play I can feel their laughter, so why do I sear? Oh, and twisted thoughts that spin round my head, I'm spinning, oh I'm spinning, how quick the sun can drop away  And now my bitter hands cradle broken glass of what was everything All the pictures have all been washed in black, tattooed everything...  All the love gone bad turned my world to black Tattooed all I see, all that I am, all I'll be... yeah...  Uh huh... uh huh... ooh...  I know someday you'll have a beautiful life I know you'll be a star in somebody else's sky But why, why, why can't it be, can't it be mine?  Ooh why, ooh  Too doo doo too, too doo doo [many times until fade] 
brother-Pearl Jam[SEP]Hand over my face I am related to my enemy  Our house on fire and big brother, brother tried to put the blame on me  Oh, little sister, you and me can rise above Oh, ain't no brother - back to back to back Oh better back on  You use the flag as a bandage Oh my big brother's a pocket hypocrisy  In the closet, my pleasures 'cause big brother, brother don't wanna just let me be  Oh, little sister, you and me can rise above Oh, ain't no brother - back to back to back Oh better back on  Oh, little sister you and me can walk alone Oh, ain't no brother - back to back to back Oh better back on  Hey now Brother  Hey now Hey now Hey now  In my mind there's a clearing Rose gardens open grey skies Oh no one's hurtin' and I'm joyin' I'm flying I'm flying  Oh, back to back to back, oh better back on back to back to back, back c'mon back to back to back to back to back, back  Hey now Brother  Big brother, brother, brother  Hey now Brother 
untitled (the color red)-Pearl Jam[SEP]We're all crazy We're all crazy and we're 
rival-Pearl Jam[SEP]all my rivals will see what i have in store, my gun... i've been harboring fleets in this reservoir, red sun... and this nation's about to explode your disciples are riddled with metaphors, well hung... better pony up and bring both your barrelfulls, not one... as we release this unspeakable toll... (every grain of sand equals) (all the stars and everyone) how's our mother to damn these contributors...with mud? how will the man who made chemicals difficult...shed blood? how's our father supposed to be told? 
ghost-Pearl Jam[SEP]The mind is grey,... like the city Packing in and overgrown Love is deep,... dig it out Standing in a hole alone Working for something,.. that we can never hold A place in the clouds. Your place to hide oh my oh  I'm flying away, away I'm driving away, away  The TV, she talks to me Breaking news and building walls Selling us, what I dont need Didn't know soap made you taller  So I'm riding away, away Hiding away, away  So much talk it makes no sense at all  So I'm flying away, away Driving away, away  Passing old friends I don't miss at all  It doesn't hurt,.. when I bleed BUt memories they eat me I've seen it all before,.. Bring it on cause I'm no victim  Dying Dying 
habit-Pearl Jam[SEP]seen it happen to a couple of friends seen it happen and the message it sends taken up for what's an obvious fault just to see what all the fuss is about it's not your way...not your way it's not your way another habit says it's in love with you another habit says its long overdue another habit like an unwanted friend i'm so happy with my righteous self it's not your way...not your way it's not your way never thought you'd... habit never thought you'd... habit never thought you'd... habit i never thought you, never thought you... never thought you'd... habit never thought you'd... habit never thought you'd... habit i never thought you, never never thought you.. never thought you'd... habit never thought you'd... habit never thought you'd... habit speaking as a child of the nineties... never thought you'd... habit never thought you'd... habit never thought you'd... habit i never thought you, never thought you never thought you'd... habit never thought you'd... habit never thought you'd... habit i never thought you, never never thought you... never... never me, never you... never me... 
cropduster-Pearl Jam[SEP]Light green to green, dark green, brown.. Every life is falling down Brown to black, it's coming back Dies to be part of the ground Seed to seedling, root to stem  Eyes, no eyes, there's no difference,... Every life is looking in Swallowing seeds on the deathbed,... Dig a hole in,... the garden.  Everyone is practicing,... But this world's an accident. I was the fool because I thought  I thought the world Turns out the world thought me It's all the other way round We're upside down  Daddy's gone up flames,.. But this ain't no movie This ain't no book you can close When the big lie hits your eye.  Everybody's practicing,.... Our world's an accident I was the fool because I thought  Let the fluence sat it down. There's an upside of down.  The moon is rolling round the world. 
severed hand-Pearl Jam[SEP]Big man stands behind an open door Said, "leave your lady on the cement floor."  "Got some kicks, wanna take  ride?" I said, "Yeah,..." "Take your pick, leave yourself behind." I said "Yeah,..."  I've no fear but for falling down so look out below, I am falling now Oh please understand, I just need my friend a way home.  Tried to walk, found a severed hand, recognized it by the wedding band.  "It's okay, do you want some more?" I said, "Yeah,..." "You'll see dragons after 3 or 4..." I said, "Yeah,..."  "Understand, I'm not falling down" I said, "Look around, the room's taller now,..." I can't close my eyes, cause I see the sound in waves.  In waves, lets me stay calm.  If I don't lose control explore and not explode a preternatural other plane with the power to maintain.  Like a tear in all we know once dissolved, we are free to grow "What is human?,... What is more?" I'll answer this when I get home. 
once-Pearl Jam[SEP]I admit it...what's to say...yeah... I'll relive it...without pain...mmm... Backstreet lover on the side of the road I got a bomb in my temple that is gonna explode I got a sixteen gauge buried under my clothes, I play... Once upon a time I could control myself Ooh, once upon a time I could lose myself, yeah...  Oh, try and mimic what's insane...ooh, yeah... I am in it...where do I stand? Oh, Indian summer and I hate the heat I got a backstreet lover on the passenger seat I got my hand in my pocket, so determined, discreet...I pray... Once upon a time I could control myself Ooh, once upon a time I could lose myself, yeah, yeah...  You think I got my eyes closed But I'm lookin' at you the whole fuckin' time...  Ooh, once upon a time I could control myself, yeah... Once upon a time I could lose myself, yeah, yeah, yeah... Once, upon a time I could love myself, yeah... Once upon a time I could love you, yeah, yeah, yeah... Once [4x] Yeah...once, once...yeah, yeah... Yeah...yeah, yeah...yeah, yeah...oww... 
soon forget-Pearl Jam[SEP]sorry is the fool who trades his soul for a corvette thinks he'll get the girl, he'll only get the mechanic what's missing? he's living a day he'll soon forget that's one more time around, the sun is going down the moon is out, but he's drunk and shouting, putting people down he's pissing, he's living a day he'll soon forget counts his money every morning the only thing that keeps him horny locked in a giant house, that's alarming the townsfolk, they all laugh sorry is the fool who trades his love for high-rise rent seems the more you make, equals the loneliness you get and it's fitting, he's barely living, a day he'll soon forget that's one more time around, there is not a sound he's lying dead clutching benjamins, never put the money down he's stiffening, we're all whistling a man we'll soon forget 
infallible-Pearl Jam[SEP]Keep on locking your doors Keep on building your floors Keep on just as before  Pay disasters no mind Didn't get you this time No prints left at the crime  Our ship's come in And it's sinking  Of everything that's possible In the hearts and minds of men Somehow it is the biggest things That keep on slipping Right through our hands  By thinking we're infallible We are tempting fate instead Time we best begin Here at the ending  Wanna third second chance Put your faith in big hands Pay no more than a glance  All good things come to an end This could be good as it gets How's the view from the fence?  You think we been here before You are mistaken  Of everything that's possible In the hearts and minds of men When progress could be plausible In reverse we curse ourselves  By thinking we're infallible We are tempting fate instead Time we best begin Here at the ending  Of everything that's possible In the hearts and minds of men  Somehow it is the biggest things That keep on slipping right through our hands By thinking we're infallible Oh we are tempting fate instead  Time we best begin Here at the ending Here at the ending Keep on locking your doors Keep on building your floors Keep on just as before 
"u"-Pearl Jam[SEP]Thought it was easy to fall in love but you, you, you. You're different this much I know yeah, you, you, you. It might be your guile. It could be your mind. It might be the way you take your time. Oh, you, you, you.  You, it's you. It's you, you, you. Oh, you. It's you. It's you, you, you.  I never know how much to say with you, you, you. I like to go deep but is it safe with you, you, you. It might be your needs. It could be your eyes. It might be the way you sympathize. Oh, you, you, you.  You. It's you. It's you, you, you. Oh, you. It's you. It's you you you  You break laws and pay no fines. You get yours and then get mine.  I don't think it's easy to stay in love. But you, you, you, you. But you, yes you. It's you, you, you. You. it's you. it's you, you, you. Ah you It's you. [x3] Ah you, you, you, yes you. With you, you, you, you ah. ?? 
parting ways-Pearl Jam[SEP]behind her eyes there's curtains... and they've been closed to hide the flames, remains... she knows their future's burning, but she can smile just the same, same... and though her mood is fine today there's a fear they'll soon be parting ways standing, like a statue a chin of stone, a heart of clay, hey... and though he's too big a man to say there's a fear they'll soon be parting ways drifiting away, drifting away, drifting away... drifiting away, drifting away, drifting away... 
hitchhiker-Pearl Jam[SEP]You fool, dude what do what you think you're doing? So you're lost, my problem, that's not Conductor says, "off of my train" We understood, guest/host relationships ain't my thing Even if i could, you aint the kind of person i would help anyway I'm about to explode Cuz i can't carry your load Hitchhiker... go, hitchhiker You're cool, and cold in your calculations We're friends, only because of my situation I'm about to unload Cuz i can't carry your load Hitchhiker... go, hitchhiker Hitchhiker... So be gone, too soon is too late I dont want no delay So be gone, get your food off someone else's plate Go tell all your friends I'm an idiot and you're great Hitchhiker... hitchhiker... Now go, hitchhiker... go, hitchhiker 
seven o'clock-Pearl Jam[SEP]7 o'clock in the morning, got a message from afar Down under an oasis where there are dreams still being born And summer spoke to winter relaying all encouraging words And I was fully grateful mutant messages were heard  Moved on from my despondency and left it in the bed Do I leave it there still sleeping or maybe kill it better yet For this is no time for depression or self-indulgent hesitance This fucked-up situation calls for all hands, hands on deck  Freedom is as freedom does and freedom is a verb They giveth and they taketh and you fight to keep that what you've earned We saw the destination, got so close before it turned Swim sideways from this undertow and do not be deterred  Floodlight dreams go drifting past All the lines we could've had Distant loves floating above Close these eyes, they've seen enough  Caught the butterfly, broke its wings then put it on display Oh, stripped of all its beauty once it could not fly high away Oh, still alive like a passer-by overdosed on gamma rays Another God's creation destined to be thrown away  Sitting Bull and Crazy Horse they forged the north and west And you got Sitting Bullshit as our sitting president Oh, talking to his mirror, what's he say, what's it say back? A tragedy of errors, who'll be the last to have a laugh?  His best days gone, hard to admit Throwing angry punches with nothing to hit Luminous thoughts were once all he had Fading lights, lost eloquence There's still a fire in the engine room Knows relief will be coming soon  What's to be done? Carve a path for Rivers reign Much to be done Oceans rising with the waves  Oh, held by these thoughts They refuse to slip away Oh, hangman in dreamland About to call your name  Much to be done... Much to be... 
let me sleep-Pearl Jam[SEP]Cold wind blows on the soles of my feet Heaven knows nothing of me I'm lost nowhere to go Oh when I was a kid oh how magic it seemed Oh please let me sleep it's Christmas time Flowered winds was where I lived Thought you burned not froze for your sins Oh I'm so tired and cold Oh when I was a kid oh how magic it seemed Oh please let me sleep it's Christmas time Oh oh when I was a kid oh how magic it seemed Oh please let me sleep it's Christmas time Oh oh when I if I was a kid oh how magic it seemed Oh please let me dream it's Christmas time 
dirty frank-Pearl Jam[SEP]Ragh woo eats meat eats meat hahaha look out  Dirty Frank Dahmer he's a gourmet cook, yeah. I got a recipe for anglo-saxin soup, yeah. Wanted a pass. So she relaxed. Now the little groupie's getting chopped up in the back. I got a cupboard full of fleshy fresh ingredients A very careful at the same time quite expedient. Eats meat. A release. Bus driving's harder on your head than on your feet.  Dirty frank. A Dirty frank yeah A Dirty frank ooh A Dirty frank yea oh Keeps it clean. a keeps it copaseptic A little boys and girls their heads are all collected. A not crazy. a per se Just a little strange when he gets hungry. City state your town he will continue. A stadiums tiny clubs every venue. A his bus. a your trust. There goes another turned into crust. Dirty frank a Dirty Frank yeah. A Dirty frank. oh a Dirty Frank. Yeah, oh, watch it! now Why that dirty Frank was a bad mother... Shut your mouth! Hey man, I'm just talking about dirty Frank.  Oh wa-ha a yea cookoo there fucking crazy these kids are driving me crazy  Oh, middle of the night we're stopped the freeway shoulder. A frank's shoveling to bury the leftovers. A they're sunk. He's drunk. Now he's gonna drive I'm hiding in my bunk. Oh. The band all knows. We're too afraid to mention. A Don't want to be part of Frank's luncheon. A lose weight. A be safe. Where's Mike McCready? My god he's been ate!  Dirty frank. A Dirty Frank, yeah. A Dirty frank. Oh, a Dirty Frank, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Dirty frank frank frank frank a Dirty frank yea Dirty frank oh a dirty frank a yea yea yea  Wa yea a yea yea yea yea oh he's gone fruit loops it's the perfect job  Cook 'em just to see the look on their face. I cook 'em just to see the look on their face. [x10]  Mommy mommy I'll just sing mommy no no ahh Why  Why that dirty Frank was a bad mother... Shut your mouth! Hey man, I'm just talking about dirty Frank. Yeah.  Dirty Frank wow a Dirty Frank a dirty frank yeah  Why that dirty Frank was a bad mother... Shut your mouth! Hey man, I'm just talking about dirty Frank. Woo.  A Dirty Frank. Yeah, a dirty frank. [x2] Dirty frank. [x8]  Wo Ok I think that's enough 
all those yesterdays-Pearl Jam[SEP]Don't you think you ought to rest? Don't you think you ought to lay your head down? Don't you think you want to sleep? Don't you think you ought to lay your head down tonight?  Don't you think you've done enough? Oh, don't you think you've got enough, well maybe. You don't think there's time to stop There's time enough for you to lay your head down, tonight, tonight  Let it wash away All those yesterdays  What are you running from? Taking pills to get along Creating walls to call your own So no one catches you drifting off and Doing all the things that we all do  Let them wash away All those yesterdays All those yesterdays All those paper plates  You've got time, you've got time to escape There's still time, it's no crime to escape It's no crime to escape, it's no crime to escape There's still time, so escape It's no crime, crime. All those yesterdays 
evacuation-Pearl Jam[SEP]the sirens scream wanton attention time to take heed and change direction time to take stock and make omissions evacuation evacuation time to take leave of formal functions time to plant seeds of reconstruction more time, this time, to feign reluctance it's like you're waiting for a diamond shore to wash your way bets put aside, you're evil let's crawl into your face a vision, vague or not, raising a frightful wake-you-up time for... evacuation evacuation evacuation there was a solemn man who watched his twilight disappear (in the sand) altered by a fallen eagle, a warning sign.. (sign) he sensed worry could be strength, with a plan he said time for... evacuation evacuation evacuation 
always on my mind-Willie Nelson[SEP]Maybe I didn't love you Quite as often as I could have Maybe I didn't treat you Quite as good as I should have If I made you feel second best Girl I'm sorry I was blind  You were always on my mind You were always on my mind  And maybe I didn't hold you All those lonely, lonely times And I guess I never told you I'm so happy that you're mine Little things I should have said and done I just never took the time  You were always on my mind You were always on my mind  Tell me, tell me that your Sweet love hasn't died And give me Give me one more chance To keep you satisfied Keep you satisfied  Little things I should have Said and done I just never took the time  You were always on my mind You were always on my mind You were always on my mind You were always on my mind 
everybody's talkin'-Willie Nelson[SEP]Everybody's talkin' 'bout me I don't hear a word they're sayin' Only the echoes in my mind Everybody stops to starin' I don't even see their faces Only the shadows of their eyes I'm goin' where the sun keeps shinin' Through the fallin' rain Going where the weather suits my clothes Bankin' off the northeast wind And sailin' on summer breeze Skippin' over the ocean like a stone  [guitar]  Everybody's talkin' 'bout me I don't hear a word they're sayin' Only the echoes of my mind Everybody stops to starin' I don't even see their faces Only the shadows of their eyes I won't let you leave my love behind I won't let you leave my love behind I won't let you leave my love behind 
what can you do to me now-Willie Nelson[SEP]What can you do to me now That you haven't done to me already You broke my pride and made me cry out loud What can you do to me now  I'm seeing things that I never thought I'd see You've opened up the eyes inside of me How long have you been doing this to me I'm seeing sides of me that I can't believe Someway somehow I'll make a man of me I will build me back the way I used to be Much stronger now the second time around cause What can you do to me now What can you do to me now... 
the sound in your mind-Willie Nelson[SEP]Well, I've been feeling a little bad 'Cause I've been feeling a little better without you It's a little like rain but it's a lot like a sunny day  And it's hard to explain but the sound of your name Don't make music anymore It's more a sound of a love that I lost one day  It's a little too late To start thinking about startin' all over I'd rather stay where I am I can't take another slam in the mind  I've been feeling a little bad 'Cause I've been feeling a little better without you But remember my love is the sound that you hear in your mind  I've been runnin' around Even laughin' at half of the mem'ries You're not hard to remember I just have to think of your name  I've been feeling a little bad 'Cause I've been feeling a little better without you But remember my love is the sound that you hear in your mind Remember my love, it's the sound that you hear in your mind 
touch me-Willie Nelson[SEP]Touch me, touch the hand of a man Who once owned all the world And touch, me touch the arms That once held all the charms Of the world's sweetest girl Touch me, maybe someday you may Need to know how it feels when you lose And so touch me, you'll know How you feel with the blues  Watch me, watch the eyes That have seen all the heartache And pain in the land And be thankful you're happy though Standing so close to the world's bluest man Don't forget me, take a good look At someone who's lost everything he can lose And then touch me and you'll know How you'd feel with the blues  [guitar]  Don't forget me take a good look... 
i am the forest-Willie Nelson[SEP]I'll always be with you for as long as you please For I am the forest but you are the trees I'm empty without you so come grow within me For I am the forest and you are the trees And the heavens need romance so love never dies You'll be the stars dear and I'll be the sky And should any of this find us let them all be forewarned That you are the thunder and I am the storm And I'll always be with you for as long as you please For I am the forest and you are the trees I'll always be with you for as long as you please For I am the forest but you are the trees [guitar] I'll always be with you for as long as you please For I am the forest but you are the trees [mandolin] 
i'd have to be crazy-Willie Nelson[SEP]I'd have to be crazy to stop all my singing and never play music again.  You'd call me a fool if I put on a top hat and ran out to flag down the wind.  I'd have to be weird to grow me a beard just to see what the rednecks would do.  I'd have to be crazy plum out of my mind to fall out of love with you.  You know I (and I don't intend to) But should there come a day, when I say that I don't love you They'll lock me away ay ay.  It sure would be weird to live in an envelope waiting along for a stamp  You'd swear I was loco to rub for a genie while burning my hand on the lamp  And I may not be normal but nobody is so I'd like to say 'fore I'm through  I'd have to be crazy plum out of my mind to fall out of love with you 
i want to be with you always-Willie Nelson[SEP]I lose my blues honey when I'm with you No one else can do you're in my heart to stay But when I'm gone and I'm all alone I'll be singing a song I want to be with you always  [piano]  I'd be happy dear if you could only be here and always be near forever and a day We could travel far to some big shining star Just me and my guitar and stay that sweethears for always I lose my blues... 
bloody mary morning-Willie Nelson[SEP]It's a Bloody Mary morning, Baby left me without warning Sometime in the night So I'm flyin' down to Houston Forgetting her's the nature of my flight  As we taxi toward the runway With the smog and haze Reminding me of how I feel Just a country boy who's learnin' That the pitfalls of the city Are extremely real  All the night life and the parties And temptation and deceit The order of the day Well it's a Bloody Mary mornin' Cause I'm leavin' baby somewhere in LA It's a Bloody Mary morning...  [guitar]  Our golden jet is airborn And flight Fifty cuts a path Across the mornin' sky And a voice comes on the speaker Reassuring us flight Fifty Is the way to fly  And a hostess takes our order Coffee tea or something stronger To start off the day Well it's a Bloody Mary morning Cause I'm leavin' baby somewhere in LA It's a bloody mary morning... 
in god's eyes-Willie Nelson[SEP]Never think evil thoughts of anyone It's just as wrong to think as to say For a thought is but a word that's unspoken In God's eyes He sees it this way Lend a hand if you can to a stranger Never worry if he can't repay For in time you'll be repaid ten times over In God's eyes He sees it this way In God's eyes we're like sheep in a meadow Now and then a lamb goes astray But open arms should await it's returning In God's eyes He sees it this way  [guitar]  In God's eyes we're like sheep in a meadow Now and then a lamb goes astray But open arms should await it's returning In God's eyes He sees it this way 
heaven and hell-Willie Nelson[SEP]Well sometimes it's heaven and sometimes it's hell sometimes I don't even know Sometimes I take it as far as I can and sometimes I don't even go My front tracks're found for a cold water and my back tracks're covered with snow Sometimes it's heaven sometimes it's hell sometimes I don't even know [steel - piano] Heaven ain't walkin' on a street paved with gold and hell ain't a mountain of fire Heaven is layin' in my sweet baby's arms hell is when baby ain't there Well my front tracks're found... Well sometimes it's heaven and sometimes it's hell sometimes I don't even know 
seasons of my heart-Willie Nelson[SEP]The seasons come, the seasons go We get a little sunshine, rain and snow Just the way that it was planned to be But there's no seasons in my heart While you play the leading part cause the flowers will bloom eternally.  Your leaving, will bring autumn sorrow And my tears like withered leaves will fall But spring, it could bring some glad tomorrow And darlin' we could be happy after all.  As it all is in natures' plan No season gets the upper hand. Oh How I tried to keep this fact in mind The trees are bare, the cold wind blows And by experience I know That winter comes, but the spring is close behind.  Your leaving, will bring autumn sorrow And my tears like withered leaves will fall But spring, it could bring some glad tomorrow And darlin' we could be happy.. after all... 
i walk alone-Willie Nelson[SEP]I'll walk alone Where once we wandered It seems so strange Since you are gone Till you return I'll stay the same, dear I'll still be true And walk alone  By stars above I swear to love you With all the love I've ever known While we're apart I'll stay the same, dear And when teardrops start I'll walk alone  [piano]  The flame of love Is brightly burning And you know that I'm Your very own Each night I pray For your returning But while you're gone I'll walk alone 
will the circle be unbroken-Willie Nelson[SEP]I was standing by my window, On one cold and cloudy day When I saw that hearse come rolling For to carry my mother away  Will the circle be unbroken by and by, Lord, by and by There's a better home a-waiting in the sky, Lord, in the sky  I said to that undertaker undertaker please drive slow for this lady you are carrying Lord, I hate to see here go  Will the circle be unbroken by and by, Lord, by and by There's a better home a-waiting in the sky, Lord, in the sky  Oh, I followed close behind her Tried to hold up and be brave But I could not hide my sorrow When they laid her in the grave  Will the circle be unbroken by and by, Lord, by and by There's a better home a-waiting in the sky, Lord, in the sky  I went back home, my home was lonesome missed my mother, she was gone all of my brothers, sisters crying what a home so sad and lone  Will the circle be unbroken by and by, Lord, by and by There's a better home a-waiting in the sky, Lord, in the sky  We sang the songs of childhood Hymns of faith that made us strong Ones that Mother Maybelle taught us Hear the angels sing along  Will the circle be unbroken by and by, Lord, by and by There's a better home a-waiting in the sky, Lord, in the sky  Will the circle be unbroken by and by, Lord, by and by There's a better home a-waiting in the sky, Lord, in the sky 
so much to do-Willie Nelson[SEP]My oatmeal tastes just like confetti the coffee's too strong so forget it The toast is burning well let it there's just so much to do since you've gone Too much to do all alone My tie's lost I can't find the sweater there's the doorbell I hope that's your letter My head aches I hope I feel better there's just so much to do since you've gone Too much to do all alone So much to do since you've gone too much to do all alone And time time rolls on like a river and oh there's just so much to do And I just can't do without you 
mom and dad's waltz-Willie Nelson[SEP]I'd walk for miles cry or smile for my mama and daddy I want them I want them to know How I feel my love is real for my mama and daddy I want them to know I love them so  [CHORUS:] In my heart joy tears start cause I'm happy And I pray every day for mom and pappy and each night I'd walk for miles cry or smile for my mama and daddy I want them to know I love them so  I'd fight in wars - do all the chores For my mama and daddy I want them to live on - till they're called I'd work and slave - and never rave For mama and daddy Because i know I owe them my all.  [CHORUS] 
down to our last goodbye-Willie Nelson[SEP]This was my last mistake That's all her heart could take Now we're down to our last goodbye  Her lips won't kiss me now The lips that I taught how Now we're down to our last goodbye  What can I tell her That I haven't told her That would change her mind Cause she heard that line before Now all that's left for me Is just the memory of all Those happy days gone by Now we're down to our last goodbye What can I tell her That I haven't told her That would change her mind Cause she heard that line before Now all that's left for me Is just the memory of all Those happy days gone by Now we're down to our last goodbye 
you'll never know-Willie Nelson[SEP]You'll never know just how much I love you You'll never know just how much I care And if I tried I still couldn't hide my love for you You ought to know for haven't I told you so A million or more times You went away and my heart went with you I speak your name in my every prayer If there is some other way to prove that I love you I swear I don't know how You'll never know if you don't know now  [fiddle - guitar]  You went away and my heart went with you I speak your name in my every prayer If there is some other way to prove that I love you I swear I don't know how You'll never know if you don't know now 
permanently lonely-Willie Nelson[SEP]Don't be concerned it's time I learned That those who play with fire get burned But I'll be alright in a little while But you'll be permanently lonely Don't be too quick to pity me Don't salve my heart with sympathy Cause I'll be alright in a little while But you'll be permanently lonely The world looks on with wonder And pity at your kind Cause it knows that the future Is not very pretty for your kind for your kind Will always be runnin' and wonderin' What's happened to hearts that you've broken And left all alone But we'll be alright in a little while But you'll be permanently lonely Runnin' lonely 
a whiter shade of pale-Willie Nelson[SEP]We skipped the light fandango And turned cartwheels cross the floor. I was feeling kind of seasick But the crowd called out for more. The room was humming harder And the ceiling flew away When we called out for another drink The waiter brought a tray And so it was that later As the miller told his tale That her face at first just ghostly Turned a whiter shade of pale.  She said There is no reason, And the truth is plain to see, But I wandered through my playing cards And would not let her be One of sixteen vestal virgins Who were leaving for the coast And although my eyes were open They might just just have well been closed. And so it was that later As the miller told his tale That her face at first just ghostly Turned a whiter shade of pale.  [Additional lyrics sung in concert]  She said she wanted shore leave Tho in truth we were at sea So I took her by a looking glass And forced her to agree Saying you must be the mermaid Who took Neptune for a ride Well she smiled at me so sadly That my anger straightway died And so it was... 
senses-Willie Nelson[SEP]The sense to see and I saw you walk away The sense to feel and I feel lonely everyday The sense to hear for I heard you say goodbye The sense to taste now I can taste the tears that I cry My senses tell me all that I need to know It's over but I don't have the sense to let you go It doesn't make much sense for me to cry for you And if I had any sense at all I'd realize we're through But my senses are reacting much too slow And it's over but I don't have the sense to let you go Yes it's over but I don't have the sense to let you go 
crazy-Willie Nelson[SEP]I'm crazy Crazy for feeling so lonely I'm crazy Crazy for feeling so blue  I knew that you'd love me as long as you wanted And then someday you'd leave me for somebody new  Worry Why do I let myself worry Wondering What in the world did I do  I'm crazy for thinking that my love could hold you I'm crazy for trying And crazy for crying And I'm crazy for loving you  I'm crazy for thinking that my love could hold you I'm crazy for trying And crazy for crying And I'm crazy for loving you 
it's not supposed to be that way-Willie Nelson[SEP]It's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to control you  Like the other little children You're gonna dream a dream or two But be careful what you're dreamin' Or soon your dreams'll be dreamin' you  It's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you  When you go out to play this evenin' Play with fire flies till they're gone Then you rush to meet your lover And play with real fire till the dawn  But it's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you  When you go out to play this evenin' Play with fire flies till they're gone Then you rush to meet your lover And play with real fire till the dawn  But it's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know that I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you 
will you remember mine-Willie Nelson[SEP]Sweet is the song when the song is love love that has stood the test of time And when you've heard all the songs of love will you remember mine Gone are the times that I walked with you and held your hand in mine Now when you hold another's hand will you remember mine I have sat 'neath the trees while the cool summer breeze Blew away the sands of time And thought of days when you were near remembering when you were mine Gone are the times when I held you close and pressed your lips to mine Now when you kiss another's lips will you remember mine I have sat neath the trees... 
hold me tighter-Willie Nelson[SEP]I thought if I could be with you Maybe I'd feel better But I'm afraid I took advantage of your love I thought if you'd just hold me tight Maybe I'd forget her But I don't suppose as yet You've held me tight enough Please hold me tighter I still remember Put your arms around me Hold me close, hold me tight and long Please hold me tighter I still remember And I can't love again Until her mem'ry's gone  [steel]  Please hold me tighter... 
homeward bound-Willie Nelson[SEP]I'm sittin' in the railway station got a ticket for a destination On a tour of one night stands my suitcase and guitar in hand And every stop is neatly planned for a poet and a one man band Homeward bound I wish I was homeward bound Home where my thought's escaping home where my music's playing Home where my love lies waiting silently for me  Every day's an endless stream of cigarettes and magazines And each town looks the same to me for movies and the factories And every stranger's face I see reminds me that I long to be Homeward bound...  But all my words come back to me in shades of mediocrity Like emptiness and harmony I need someone to comfort me Homeward bound... 
let it be me-Willie Nelson[SEP]I bless the day I found you I want to stay around you And so I beg you, let it be me  Don't take this Heaven from one If you must cling to someone Now and forever, let it be me  Each time we meet love I find complete love And without your sweet love what would life be?  So never leave me lonely Tell me, you love me only And that you'll always let it be me  Each time we meet love I find complete love And without your sweet love what would life be?  So never leave me lonely Tell me, you love me only And that you'll always let it be me 
crazy arms-Willie Nelson[SEP]Now blue ain't the world for the way that I feel And the storm's brewing in this heart of mine This ain't no crazy dream I know that it's real And you're someone else's love now you're not mine Crazy arms that reach to hold somebody new And my yearning heart keeps saying you're not mine My troubled mind knows soon to another you'll be wed And that's why I'm lonely all the time  [steel]  So please take these treasured dreams I have for you and me And take all the love I thought was mine Someday these crazy arms will hold somebody new but now I'm so lonely all the time Crazy arms that reach to... And that's why I'm lonely all the time 
autumn leaves-Willie Nelson[SEP]The falling leaves drift by the window The autumn leaves of red and gold I see your lips, the summer kisses The sun-burned hands I used to hold  Since you went away the days grow long And soon I'll hear old winter's song But I miss you most of all my darling When autumn leaves start to fall  C'est une chanson, qui nous ressemble Toi tu m'aimais et je t'aimais Nous vivions tous, les deux ensemble Toi que m'aimais moi qui t'aimais Mais la vie sépare ceux qui s'aiment Tout doucement sans faire de bruit Et la mer efface sur le sable les pas des amants désunis 
ashamed-Willie Nelson[SEP]I'm so ashamed of my eyes cause they still cry for you After they both watched my hand wave goodbye to you I've told them time and time again that this will never do And I've told them how you always laughed at teardrops I'm so ashamed of my arms for missing you Last night I woke up just in time to see them reach for you And now my heart confesses it's still wants you too I'm so ashamed of them all for loving you 
wabash cannonball-Willie Nelson[SEP]From the great Atlantic ocean To the wide Pacific shore To the queen of flowing mountains For the hills and by the shore She's mighty tall and handsome And she's known quite well by all She came down from Birmingham On the Wabash Cannonball Well now listen to the jingle To the rumble and the roar As she glides along the woodland Through the hills and by the shore Hear the mighty rush of the engine And the lonesome hoboes call No changes can be taken On the Wabash Cannonball  [steel]  Now here's to daddy Claxton May his name forever stand He'll always be remembered In the ports throughout the land His earthly race is over And the curtain round him falls We'll carry him home to Glory On the Wabash Cannonball Well now listen to the jingle To the rumble and the roar As she glides along the woodland Through the hills and by the shore Hear the mighty rush of the engine And the lonesome hoboes call No changes can be taken On the Wabash Cannonball  [guitar]  Well listen to the jingle To the rumble and the roar As she glides along the woodland Through the hills and by the shore Hear the mighty rush of the engine And the lonesome hoboes call No changes can be taken On the Wabash Cannonball 
always-Willie Nelson[SEP]I'll be loving you always with a love that's true always When the things you've planned need a helping hand I will understand always always Days may not be fair always that's when I'll be there always Not for just an hour not for just a day not for just a year but always [keyboards] Not for just a year but always 
home is where you're happy-Willie Nelson[SEP]Home is where you're happy and I'm happy here with you, Or any place on earth that you may be. Home is where you're happy, just any house will do, And I'll feel at home as long as you're with me.  This room could not hold me for one short minute; If you weren't here with me, I'd soon be gone. That chair is just a chair when you're not in it. It takes more than rooms and chairs to make a home.  Home is where you're happy and I'm happy here with you, Or any place on earth that you may be. Home is where you're happy, just any house will do, And I'll feel at home as long as you're with me.  Time, someday, may cause this house to crumble, But we'll move into another, love and all. And if time, someday, should make your footsteps stumble, I'll be there to catch you, should you fall.  Home is where you're happy and I'm happy here with you, Or any place on earth that you may be. Home is where you're happy, just any house will do, And I'll feel at home as long as you're with me. 
washing the dishes-Willie Nelson[SEP]Washing the dishes scrubbing the floors Caring for someone who don't care anymore Learning to hate all the things that she once loved to do Like washing his shirts and never complaining except of red stains on the collars Ironin' and cryin' cryin' and ironin' caring for someone who don't care anymore Someday she'll just walk away 
sweet memories-Willie Nelson[SEP]My world is like a river as dark as it is deep Night after night the past slips in and gathers all my sleep My days are just an endless stream of emptiness to me Filled only by the fleeting moments of her memories Sweet memories sweet memories hmm  She slipped into the silence of my dreams last night Wondering from room to room turning on each light Her laughter spills like water from the river to the sea And I'm swept away from sadness clinging to her memories Sweet memories sweet memories hmm 
changing skies-Willie Nelson[SEP]There's a bird in the sky Flying high, flying high To a place from a place Changing skies, changing skies There are clouds in the sky Clouds of fear and despair But love like ours never dies Changing skies, changing skies  [guitar]  Little bird have you heard Freedom lies, freedom lies But love like ours never dies Just changing skies, changing skies 
why me-Willie Nelson[SEP]Why me Lord what I have ever done to deserve even one Of the pleasures I've known Tell me Lord what did I ever do that was worth loving you Or the kindness you've shown Lord help me Jesus I've wasted it so help me Jesus I know what I am Now that I know that I've needed you so help me Jesus my soul's in your hand [guitar] Try me Lord if you think there's a way I can try to repay All I've taken from you Maybe Lord I can show someone else what I've been through myself On my way back to you Lord help me Jesus... Jesus my soul's in your hand 
silent night-Willie Nelson[SEP]Silent night, holy night! All is calm, All is bright Round yon Virgin, Mother and Child Holy Infant so Tender and mild, Sleep in heavenly peace, Sleep in heavenly peace.  Silent night, holy night! Shepherds quake at the sight! Glories stream from heaven afar; Heavenly hosts sing Al-le-lu-ia! Christ the Saviour is born! Christ the Saviour is born!  Silent night, holy night! Wondrous star, lend thy light! With the angels let us sing Alleluia to our King! Christ the Saviour is here, Jesus the Saviour is here!  Silent night, Holy night! Son of God, love's pure light Radiant beams from Thy holy face, With the dawn of redeeming grace, Jesus Lord at thy birth; Jesus Lord at thy birth. 
no love around-Willie Nelson[SEP]I come home last Saturday morning I come home and found you gone Well there was a note tacked on my door said your baby don't love you anymore Well I got dressed up and I went downtown I got dressed up and I went downtown Well I walked up and I walked down Well there weren't no love there weren't no love around  There weren't no love around there weren't no love around There weren't no love around there weren't no love around There weren't no love around there weren't no love around There weren't no love around there weren't no love around  Well I come home and I lay down I felt my head spinning round and round Lord I poured my dreams and I drank 'em down no there weren't no love There weren't no love around There weren't no love around.... 
happiness lives next door-Willie Nelson[SEP]I'm sorry, but you've come to the wrong house. But I know who those flowers are for. The flowers that you have are for someone who's happy, And happiness lives next door.  Someone sends her flowers each evening, And her young heart is flooded with joy. So don't keep her waiting, deliver the flowers, To happiness, who lives next door.  The only one who would send flowers to me, Is gone to return no more. But there's some consolation to know someone is happy, And happiness lives next door.  [Instrumental]  The only one who would send flowers to me, Is gone to return no more. But there's some consolation to know someone is happy, And happiness lives next door. 
what do you want me to do?-Willie Nelson[SEP]Well I can't read your mind When you changed all the time And I don't what's matter with you I think I do my share to show that I care So just tell me what do you want me to do I've tried to be kind but it don't work sometimes And you're not the same person that I knew And tell me where should I start to return to your heart And tell me what do you want me to do What do you want me to do with the dreams that I own Should I changed them to mem'ries and leave you alone Maybe I'm not too smart I guess you know me by heart And if my chances of winning are few Let my heart step aside with what's left of my pride And tell me what do you want me to do Tell me what do you want me to do 
go away-Willie Nelson[SEP]Go away; can't you see I'm cryin'? Go back to the new love that you've found. Don't sweet talk me, 'cause I ain't listenin', And you'll only make things worse by hangin' round.  I know that I'd be crazy, If I took you back again. But this foolish heart of mine, Might just weaken and give in. So go away, I feel much better when you're gone. For you're the one who made me cry. Now let me cry alone.  I know that I'd be crazy, If I took you back again. But this foolish heart of mine, Might just weaken and give in. So go away, I feel much better when you're gone. For you're the one who made me cry. Now let me cry alone. 
whispering hope-Willie Nelson[SEP]Soft as the voice of an Angel, breathing a lesson unheard Hope with a gentle persuasion, whispers her comforting word "Wait till the darkness is over, wait till the tempest is done Hope for the sunshine tomorrow, after the shower is gone"  Whispering hope, oh, how welcome thy voice Making my heart in its sorrow rejoice  If in the dusk of the twilight, dim be the region afar Will not the deepening darkness brighten the glimmering star? Then when the night is upon us, why should the heart sink away? When the dark midnight is over, watch for the breaking of day  Whispering hope, oh, how welcome thy voice Making my heart in its sorrow rejoice  Hope, as an anchor so steadfast, rends the dark veil for the soul Whither the Master has entered, robbing the grave of its goal Come then, O come, glad fruition, come to my sad weary heart Come, O Thou blest hope of glory, never, O never depart  Whispering hope, oh, how welcome thy voice Making my heart in its sorrow rejoice 
my own peculiar way-Willie Nelson[SEP](I'll always love you in my own peculiar way) It would be a comfort just to know you never doubt me Even though I give you cause most every day Sometimes I think that you'd be better off without me Although I love you in my own peculiar way Don't doubt my love if sometimes my mind should wonder To a suddenly remembered yesterday Cause my mind could never stay too long away from you I'll always love you in my own peculiar way And though I may not always be the way you'd have me be And though my faults may grow in number day by day Let no one ever say that I've ever been untrue I'll always love you in my own peculiar way I'll always love you in my own peculiar way 
sad songs and waltzes-Willie Nelson[SEP]I'm writing a song all about you a true song as real as my tears But you've no need to fear it cause no one will hear it Cause sad songs and waltzes aren't selling this year I'll tell all about how you cheated I'd like to the whole world to hear I'd like to get even with you cause you're leavin' And songs and waltzes aren't selling this year It's a good thing that I'm not a star you don't know how lucky you are Though my record may say it no one will play it Cause sad songs and waltzes aren't selling this year [steel] Well it's a good thing... 
where my house lives-Willie Nelson[SEP]Stop here across the street to your right That's where my house lives Sometimes I stayed there at night But mostly I was on the move Business first you know And she'd wait there in her lonely room But oh that's been so long ago She's gone now She couldn't stand to be alone And now it waits there This house that used to be my home I never go there cause it holds Too many memories since she's gone But right there is where My house lives all alone  [guitar]  She's gone now... 
thanks again-Willie Nelson[SEP]Thanks for what a little love you gave to me And thank you for my escape from misery I searched and found heaven and then lost it again You were mine for a little while so thanks again I'm not sorry forgiving all my love to you And if they ask if I still love you I'll have to say I do My heart was dead and you've made it live then died again You were mine for a little while so thanks again [guitar] My reason for existing is now reveal I'm just here to show the world how blue a man could feel My heart was dead and you've made it live and die again And then they learn from my mistakes so thanks again 
it's not for me to understand-Willie Nelson[SEP]I passed a home the other day The yard was filled with kids at play And on the sidewalk of this home A little boy stood all alone His smiling face was sweet and kind But I could see the boy was blind He listened to the children play I bowed my head and there I prayed Dear Lord above why must this be And then these words came down to me After all you're just a man And it's not for you to understand It's not for you to reason why You too are blind without my eyes So question not what I command Cause it's not for you to understand  [steel]  Now when I pray my prayer is one I pray his will not mine be done After all I'm just a man And it's not for me to understand 
good times-Willie Nelson[SEP]When I ran to the store with a penny And when youth was abundant and plenty Classify these as good times Good times  When I rolled rubber tires in the driveway Pulled a purse, on a string, across the highway Classify these as good times Good times  Good times are coming, humming, mmm Good times are coming, humming, mmm  Go to school, fight a war, working steady Meet a girl, fall in love, before I'm ready Classify these as good times Good times  Here I sit with a drink and a memory But I'm not cold, I'm not wet, and I'm not hungry So, classify these as good times Good times  Good times are coming, humming, mmm Good times Good times are coming, humming, mmm 
an evening prayer-Willie Nelson[SEP]If I have wounded any soul today If I have caused one foot to go astray If I have walked in my own willful way Dear Lord forgive 
(how will i know) i'm falling in love again-Willie Nelson[SEP]I'm falling in love again Never thought I would again never I thought I would And I may be making mistakes again But if I lose or win how will I know How will I know how will I know how will I know how will I know And I'm falling in love again and if I lose or win how will I know [guitar] How will I know... 
take it to the limit-Willie Nelson[SEP]All alone at the end of the evening and the bright lights have faded to blue I was thinkin' about a woman who might have loved me and I never knew You know I've always been a dreamer spent my life running round And it's so hard to change can't seem to settle down But the dreams I've seen lately Keep on turnin' out and burnin' out and turnin' out the same So put me on a highway and show me a sign and take it to the limit one more time  You can spend all your time making money you can spend all your love making time If it all fell to pieces tomorrow would you still be mine And when you're looking for more freedom when nobody seems to care And you can't find the door well you can't find it anywhere When there's nothin' to believe in Still you're coming back you're running back You're coming back for more So put me on the highway and show me a sign and take it to the limit one more time Take it to the limit take it to the limit take it to the limit one more time 
who's sorry now?-Willie Nelson[SEP]Who's sorry now, who's sorry now Whose heart is achin' for breakin' each vow Who's sad and blue, who's cryin' too Just like I cried over you.  Right to the end, just like a friend I tried to warn you somehow You had your way, now you must pay I'm glad that you're sorry now.  Right to the end just like a friend I tried to warn you somehow You had your way, now you must pay I'm glad that you're sorry now.  [REPEAT] 
what now my love-Willie Nelson[SEP]What now, my love Now that you've left me How can I live Through another day Watching my dreams Turn into ashes And my hopes Into bits of clay  Once I could see Once I could feel Now I am numb I've become unreal I walk the night Oh without a goal Stripped of my heart And my soul  What now, my love Now that it's over I feel the world Closing in on me Here come the stars Tumbling around me And there's the sky Where the sea should be  What now, my love Now that you're gone I'd be a fool To go on and on No one would care No one would cry If I should live If I should die  What now, my love Now there is nothing Only my last goodbye Only my last... My last goodbye 
goin' home-Willie Nelson[SEP]The closer I get to my home Lord the more I wanna be there There'll be a gatherin' of loved ones and friends Lord you know I wanna be there There'll be a mixture of teardrops and flowers crying and talking for hours Bout how wild that I was and if I'd listened to them I wouldn't be there  Well there's old Charlie Toll they threw away the mold when they made him And Jimmy McCline it looks like the wine's finally laid him And Billie McRae that I could any day in a card game And Bessie McNeal but her tears are real I can see pain There's a mixture of teardrops...  Lord thanks for ride I got a feeling inside that I know you And if you see your way you're welcome to stay cause I'm gonna need you There's be a mixture of teardrops.... 
half a man-Willie Nelson[SEP]If I'd only had one arm to hold you better yet if I had none at all Then I wouldn't have two arms that ache for you there'd be one less mem'ry to recall If I'd only had one ear to listen to the lies that you told to me Then I more closely resemble the half a man that you've made of me [strings + piano] If I'd only had one leg to stand on then how much how much truer picture you'd see For then I more closely resemble the half a man that you've made of me 
you left me a long, long time ago-Willie Nelson[SEP]You tell me today that you're leaving But just think a while I'm sure that you must know Today might be the day that you walk away But you left me a long, long time ago  Today's just the day that ends it all Except the usual mem'ries That always linger on And today might be the day that you walk away But you left me a long, long time ago  I stood with helpless hands And watched me lose your love A little more each day Then it was gone And I kept wond'rin' Just how long until this day would come Just how long could your pride keep hangin' on  So please don't say you're sorry Don't say anything Don't try to say why you must leave Just go And today might be the day that you walk away But you left me a long, long time ago 
teach me to forget-Willie Nelson[SEP]You taught me how to love with all my heart with all my soul I trusted you And now you say we'll have to live apart a thing I don't know how to do You said someday I'd find somebody new and I'll have not one regret But stay a while if what you say is true stay and teach me to forget [piano] You taught me how to worship you alone and now you say you'll have to go And people call me on the telephone just to say I told you so I know now that I only learned to live on the night when first we met God above will teach me to forgive but stay and teach me to forget Please stay and teach me to forget 
once in a while-Willie Nelson[SEP]Once in a while will you try to give one little thought to me Though someone else maybe nearer your heart  Once in a while will you dream of the moments I shared with you, Moments before we two drifted apart.  In love's smoldering ember, one spark may remain, If love still can remember the spark may burn again.  I know that I'll be contented with yesterday's memory, Knowing you think of me once in a while. 
frosty the snowman-Willie Nelson[SEP]Frosty the snowman was a jolly happy soul, With a corncob pipe and a button nose And two eyes made out of coal. Frosty the snowman is a fairy tale, they say, He was made of snow but the children Know how he came to life one day. There must have been some magic in that Old silk hat they found. For when they placed it on his head He began to dance around. O, Frosty the snowman Was alive as he could be, And the children say he could laugh And play just the same as you and me. Thumpetty thump thump, Thumpety thump thump, Look at Frosty go. Thumpetty thump thump, Thumpety thump thump, Over the hills of snow.  Frosty the snowman knew The sun was hot that day, So he said, "Let's run and We'll have some fun Now before I melt away." Down to the village, With a broomstick in his hand, Running here and there all Around the square saying, Catch me if you can. He led them down the streets of town Right to the traffic cop. And he only paused a moment when He heard him holler "Stop!" For Frosty the snow man Had to hurry on his way, But he waved goodbye saying, "Don't you cry, I'll be back again some day." Thumpetty thump thump, Thumpety thump thump, Look at Frosty go. Thumpetty thump thump, Thumpety thump thump, Over the hills of snow. 
that's the way love goes-Willie Nelson[SEP]I've been throwin' horseshoes Over my left shoulder I've spent most all my life Searching for that four leaf clover Yet you run with me Chasing my rainbows Honey, I love you too That's the way love goes That's the way love goes Babe, that's the music God made For the whole wide world to sing It never gets old It always grows Losing makes me sorry You say don't you worry Honey, I love you too And that's the way love goes  [harmonica - piano]  That's the way love goes babe... 
you look like the devil-Willie Nelson[SEP]You look like the devil in the morning you've been out a working through the night Holdin' hands and kissin' everybody I'm glad to say that you can't blow my mind  You look like the devil when you're cryin' I'm so glad that you feel so strong that way You got a great big smile for everybody I'm so glad I've met you yesterday [steel] You look like the devil in the morning... [guitar] You look like the devil when you're cryin'... I'm so glad I've met you yesterday 
december day-Willie Nelson[SEP]This looks like a December day. This looks like a "time to remember" day. And I remember the spring, such a sweet tender thing. And love's summer college, Where the green leaves of knowledge, Were waiting to fall with the Fall.  And where September wine, Numbed the measure of time. Through the tears of October, now November's over, And this looks like a December day.  This looks like a December day. It looks like we've come to the end of the way. And as my memories race back to love's eager beginning, Reluctant to play with the thoughts of the ending: The ending that won't go away.  And as my memories race back to love's eager beginning, Reluctant to play with the thoughts of the ending: The ending that won't go away.  And this looks like a December day. 
winter wonderland-Willie Nelson[SEP]Sleigh bells ring, are you listening, In the lane, snow is glistening A beautiful sight, We're happy tonight, Walking in a winter wonderland.  Gone away is the bluebird, Here to stay is a new bird He sings a love song, As we go along, Walking in a winter wonderland.  In the meadow we can build a snowman, Then pretend that he is Parson Brown He'll say: Are you married? We'll say: No man, But you can do the job When you're in town.  Later on, we'll conspire, As we dream by the fire To face unafraid, The plans that we've made, Walking in a winter wonderland.  In the meadow we can build a snowman, And pretend that he's a circus clown We'll have lots of fun with mister snowman, Until the other kids knock him down.  When it snows, ain't it thrilling, Though your nose gets a chilling We'll frolic and play, the Eskimo way, Walking in a winter wonderland.  Walking in a winter wonderland, Walking in a winter wonderland. 
pins and needles (in my heart)-Willie Nelson[SEP]I know not where on earth to find you I know not how or when to start I only know I'm here without you There's pins and needles in my heart  The days and nights are growing longer Since first you said that we must part And now you're smiling at another And there's pins and needles in my heart  I know not where on earth to find you I know not how or when to start I only know I'm here without you There's pins and needles in my heart  I know not where on earth to find you I know not how or when to start I only know I'm here without you There's pins and needles in my heart  I know not where on earth to find you I know not how or when to start 
on the sunny side of the street-Willie Nelson[SEP]Grab your coat and get your hat leave your worry on the doorstep Just direct your feet to the sunny side of the street Can't you hear a pitter pat and that happy tune is your step Life can be so sweet on the sunny side of the street I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade But I'm not afraid this rover crossed over If I never have a cent I'll be rich as Rockefeller Gold dust at my feet on the sunny side of the street  I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade But I'm not afraid this rover crossed over If I never have a cent I'll be rich as Rockefeller Gold dust at my feet on the sunny side of the street 
the party's over-Willie Nelson[SEP]Turn out the lights The party's over They say that All good things must end Call it tonight The party's over And tomorrow starts The same old thing again  But the crazy crazy party Never seen so many people Laughing dancing Look at you you're having fun But look at me I'm almost cryin' That don't keep her love from dyin' Misery cause for me the party's over Turn out the lights...  Once I had a love undyin' I didn't keep it but I tried Life for me was just one party And then another I broke her heart so many times I had to have my parting wife I had to have my party Why broke her heart so many times But one day she said Sweetheart the party's over Turn out the lights... 
wake me when it's over-Willie Nelson[SEP]Gettin' tired now gotta get some sleep now Guess I've been worried much too long And don't wake me till it's over When the need for you is gone I was so happy before I loved you I'm gonna be like I was before And don't wake me till it's over When I don't want you anymore  My mind is gettin' weak now gotta get some sleep now I gotta rest my achin' head I just wanna lay here just let me stay here Till the blues get up and leave my bed Good night, darling Good night, darling Good night forevermore And don't wake me till it's over When I won't want you anymore My mind is gettin' weak now... 
look away-Chicago[SEP]When you called me up this morning Told me 'bout the new love you found I said "I'm happy for you I'm really happy for you" Found someone else I guess I won't be coming 'round I guess it's over, baby It's really over, baby, whoa And from what you said I know you've gotten over me It'll never be the way it used to be So if it's gotta be this way Don't worry, baby, I can take the news okay  [Chorus:] But if you see me walking by And the tears are in my eyes Look away, baby, look away If we meet on the streets someday And I don't know what to say Look away, baby, look away Don't look at me I don't want you to see me this way  When we both agreed as lovers We were better off as friends That's how it had to be Yeah, that's how it had to be I tell you I'm fine But sometimes I just pretend Wish you were holding me Wish you were still holding me, whoa I just never thought That I would be replaced so soon I wasn't prepared to hear those words from you I know I wanted to be free Yeah, baby, this is how we wanted it to be  [Chorus 2x]  When you called me up this morning Told me 'bout the new love you found I said "I'm happy for you I'm really happy for you" 
my prerogative-Bobby Brown[SEP]It's love... It's love... Love... get busy Everybody's talkin all this stuff about me (Now now) Why don't they just let me live (Oh oh oh) I don't need permission Make my own decisions (Oh!) That's my prerogative  They say I'm crazy I really don't care That's my prerogative They say I'm nasty But I don't give a damn Gettin girls is how I live Some ask me questions Why am I so real But they don't understand me I really don't know the deal About a brother Trying hard to make it right Not long ago Befo' I win this fight SING!  Everybody's talkin all this stuff about me Why don't they just let me live (Tell me why) I don't need permission Make my own decisions (Oh!) That's my prerogative It's my prerogative (It's my prerogative)  It's the way that I wanna live (It's my prerogative) I can do just what I feel (It's my prerogative) No one can tell me what to do (It's my prerogative) Cause what I'm doin I'm doin for you now  Don't get me wrong I'm really not zooped Ego trips is not my thing All these strange relationships Really gets me down I see nothin wrong With spreadin myself around SING!  Everybody's talkin all this stuff about me (yeah) Why don't they just let me live (Tell me why) I don't need permission (I don't need) Make my own decisions (my own decisions) That's my prerogative It's my prerogative (It's my prerogative)  I can do what I wanna do (It's my prerogative) Truly live my life (It's my prerogative) I'm doin it just for you (It's my prerogative) Tell me, tell me  Why can't I live my life (Live my life) Without all of the things that people say (Ohhh Ohhh)  Yo tell it, kick it like this Oh no nooo  I can do what I wanna do Me and you Together, together, together, together, together  Everybody's talkin all this stuff about me (everybody's talkin) Why don't they just let me live (why) (Why don't they just let me live girl) I don't need permission (I don't need permission) Make my own decisions That's my prerogative  Everybody's talkin all this stuff about me (Everybody's talkin) Why don't they just let me live (Why don't they just let me live) I don't need permission (I don't need) Make my own decisions (My own decisions) That's my prerogative  [Ad libs] 
girl's best friend(bonus track)-Jay-Z[SEP]Jigga man, Swizz Beats History in the making, part three Lights out ladies!  [Chorus: 2x] C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy (to all my baby thugs) Don't want nobody but you my baby (and all my ladies sing) Hold me tight and call me your lady (say it louder) Let me scream your name  [Jay-Z] I took ya outta Jacob's in clusters Busters they wanted to rush us Love the way you sparkle when the sun touch ya When you blush you turn blue if your grade is right You can light up the whole room, turning day from night When the summertime is in and the tops are down With you around my neck we lock the whole block down (that's right) It took shortsleeves and loungin' to understand The reason they call you ice, everybody freeze Ain't a pendant in the sun who can shine like you And that platinum in the charm who can blind like you The direct reason why niggas do they crimes they do I used to snatch the necklace right off them reckless fools Guess I was jealous that they was so next to you So I devoted half my time to invest in you The other half was spent on protecting you Cause you belong to me, now sing ya song for me C'mon  [Chorus 2x]  [Jay-Z] I'm often with you so they wonder bout the juice I got I took you from the projects and an abusive pops From the bottom to the top The skateboard to the drop From the nada to the Prada I got ya like I got ya From the first time I put you round my neck and locked ya It was then I knew everywhere I went you'd follow Soon I spent every dolla you became my habit other brothers vice was smoke, mines was carats The more checks I got the more I laced my crew The rocks got bigger, watch face got blue Tricked a little bit, shit I lace my Boo Fuck it, my mistress I laced her too Cop my jewels twice, like deja vu If they ever met in the mall, it's ova ya'll Just the way I do, and either way you win I mean the thugs love ya when your girl's best friend  [Chorus 2x]  [Jay-Z] And the wedding band you love In the gold chain you thug Sometimes you given just because And the tennis bracelet means they want relations Know that they wanna fuck the only reason they give you up In the hands of goldiggas you never enough Rings, things, just never enough With me and you together gon shine to the end I mean the thugs love ya but ya girls best friend  [Chorus til end] 
blueprint 2-Jay-Z[SEP][Jay-Z] Jay-Z this, Jay-Z that (Jay-Z won't hold my hand no more) Jay-Z this, Jay-Z that Jay-Z that, Jay-Z this (Jay-Z won't give me no money) Get off Jay-Z dick What y'all niggas get front page articles, y'all mention Jay-Z name (This thing on?)  Jay-Z, Jay-Z, in Jay-Z news I understand what y'all trying to do I brought the flutes this time, though I unleashed the flutes on them, guru Gimme some more music in the headphone Let's get the proceedings proceeding this evening Let's do this thing (let's do it right this time) C'mon  H, O V A I got my mojo back baby, oh behave Naw, naw, don't be afraid Y'all and your articles, hard to spit at Jay Y'all from afar threw thoughts my way What you thought, I would naught have nothing to say?  Nope! Y'all fell into the booby trap I set the trap just to see dude react, and now And now you'se can't leave You opened the door god, I'm at you annually And I'm sorry Miss Rosie Perez I call a spade a spade, it just is what it is But you can't give cred to anything dude says Same dude to give you ice and you owe him some head (Shortyyyy!)  It's time to wake up the dead You sound a little naive in them articles that I read  [Hook (x2)] H, O V A The Blueprint 2 baby, on the way H, O V A I got my mojo back baby, oh behave  [Jay-Z] Can't y'all, see that he's fake, the rap version of TD jakes Prophesizing on your CDs and tapes Won't break you a crumb of the little bit that he makes And this is with whom you want to place your faith? I put dollars on mine, ask Columbine When the Twin Towers dropped, I was the first in line Donating proceeds off every ticket sold When I was out on the road, that's how you judge Hov, no? Ain't I supposed to be absorbed myself? Every time there's a tragedy, I'm the first one to help They call me this misogynist, but they don't call me the dude To take his dollars to give gifts at the projects These dudes is all politics, depositing checks they put in they pocket, all you get in return is a lot of lip And y'all buy the shit, caught up in the hype Cause the nigga wear a coofie, it don't mean that he bright Cause you don't understand him, it don't mean that he nice It just means you don't understand all the bullshit that he write Is it "Oochie Wally Wally" or is it "One Mic"? Is it "Black Girl Lost" or shorty owe you for ice? I've been real all my life, they confuse it with conceit Since I will not lose, they try to help him cheat But I will not lose, for even in defeat There's a valuable lesson learned, so it evens it up for me When the grass is cut, the snakes will show I gotta thank the little homie Nas for that though Saving me the hassle of speaking to half of these assholes And I'ma let karma catch up to Jaz-O, whoa I'm back before you had a chance to miss me My mama can't save you this time, niggas is history Who you know flow vicious as me? Yet so religiously, that's why they call me Hov I get the spoils cause the victor is me (me, nigga) You're an actor, you're not who you're depicted to be The street dreamin, all y'all niggas living through me I gave you life when niggas was forgetting you emcee I'm a legend, you should take a picture with me You should be happy to be in my presence, I should charge you a fee I'm Big Dog, Glenn Rob, listen God you a flea And the little homey Jungle is a garden to me What's the problem B?  You not as hard as me Nigga hard as we, nigga R O C, nigga That's why they follow me, they feel my pain and my agony, nigga I won't rest till you on one knee You want war then it's war's gonna be, nigga Until you on one knee, you want war then it's war's gonna be, nigga  [Hook (x2)] 
politics as usual-Jay-Z[SEP]You know how we do, Roc-a-Fella... forever... You can catch me skatin through your town puttin it down y'all relatin No waitin I'll make your block infrared hot I'm like Satan Y'all feel a nigga's struggle, y'all think a nigga love to hustle behind the wheel, tryin to escape my trouble kids stop they greetin me, I'm talkin sweet to keys Cursin the very God, that bought this wreath to be My life is, based on sacrifices, jewels like ices and fools that think I slip, you fuck around you get your guys hit, they built me to be filthy on some I-do-or-die shit, for real The price of leather's got me, deeper than ever and just think, with this here, I'm tryin to feel made nig-ga  Politics as us-ual... I took my Frito to Tito in the district, blessed me with some VS somethins I can live with, stop frontin And for the dough I raise, gotta get shit appraised No disrespect to you, make sure you word is true I'm takin wages down in Vegas just in case Tyson have a major night off, that's clean money, the tax write-off You ain't seen money in your life, when it comes to this cheese y'all like Three Blind Mice A smokin bro, who pump Willie Ike spokes The furthest you Chiles been is the Pocanos My portfolio reads: leads to Don Corleone, nigga please Ten year feleon, heavy on the wrist, our face used with the diamond blooded Jesus and blind your face youse for life... sharight, Jigga, I keep it tight nig-ga  Politics as us-ual... You feel my triumph never, feel my pain I'm lyin Low in the leather Zion, the best that's ever came The game changes like, my mind just ain't right We 'gwan get this dough, I guess it ain't your night Suckin me in like a vacumn, I remember tellin my family I'll be back soon, that was December Eighty-five and, Jay-Z rise ten years later got me wise still can't break my underworld ties I wear black a lot, in the Ac', act a lot Got matchin VCR's, a huge Magnavox to nitch, green like spinach pop wines that's vintage It's a lot of big money in my sentence Hittin towards a mil', lip a, written I kill like that chick faked me one-two cat, yeah, I do dat Ain't no stoppin the champagne from poppin the drawers from droppin, the law from watchin, I hate em  Politics as us-ual 
break up to make up-Jay-Z[SEP][R. Kelly] Mmmmm.. ohhhh, ohhhohhhhh Oooohhh.. ohhh no, mmmmm  [Chorus: R. Kelly + (Jay-Z)*] You and me, havin sex After an argument, that shit's the best You and me, havin sex yeahh After an argument, that shit's the best (Think about it while the streets you roam It's Dom P and Army in the fridge when you get home)  [*overlapping R's last line]  I storm in, she storm out It's like the "War of the Roses" goin on in my house It's a little seperation but I know how to fix the situation Mami just sufferin from love deprevation So I gotta give her thug reperations Put it in the life until love leg is shakin Slow and passionate, 'til we forget what happens Then we laughin and we back friends  [Interlude: R. Kelly] You don't have to fuss and fight Why don't you just spend the night Baby let's just kiss and hug You know the words girl let's make up So much love to be made Instead of screamin, "Who's to blame?" Girl I don't wanna.. let you go, I need you so  [Chorus]  [Jay-Z] Girlfriend didn't believe me when I said I'd be back in a little Cause I had the Chris T on with the crease in the middle Plus a fresh cut and the freezin icicles on my wrist, on my hand, that's when shit hit the fan Said, "You never spend timey, what's up with that?" Translated it means [R] Hit it hard from the back Yeah she hid my car keys And forced me to fall asleep to her heartbeat  [Interlude]  [Chorus w/o Jay-Z]  [R. Kelly] I don't want.. baby I don't want to fight I just wanna make it right (ooh yeah) Put out problems to the side Let's just make sweet love tonight (I don't want) Baby I don't want to fight I just wanna make it right (ohhhhh love) Put our problems to the side Let's just make sweet love tonight  [Jay-Z] Sex so intense, all that's on my mind It ain't feel this good since the very first time I'm pullin her close, she's pullin away I'm tryin to kiss her mouth but she keeps turnin her face Cute sex game like our very first date We ain't know each other well enough, we had to wait But oh!  I know just where your hot spot at You can not deny that, so do not try that I do not buy that..  [Chorus w/o Jay-Z]  [Chorus w/o Jay-Z (fades out)] 
intro-Jay-Z[SEP][words echo during pauses (... are long pauses .. are short pauses)]  It's the Dynasty niggaz... as promised... The world's most infamous... Roc-A-Fella Records... This is Roc La Familia... It's Young Hova... Beanie Sigel... Memphis Bleek... Amil-lion... It's the Dynasty niggaz... 2000 to infinity... This is ghetto to ghetto.. gutter to gutter.. Street corner to street corner.. project to project.. Worldwide... walk with us niggaz... Hoffa... Dash... it's the Dynasty niggaz Check it out... Uhh... walk with me... talk to me... yo..  The theme song to (The Sopranos) plays in the key of life on my, mental piano Got a strange way of seein life like I'm Stevie Wonder with, beads under the doo-rag Intuition is there even when my vision's impaired, yeah Knowin I can go, just switchin a spare On the highway of life, nigga it's sharp in my sight Oh!  Keen senses ever since I was a, teen on the benches everytime somebody like Enus was mentioned I would turn green, me, bein in the trenches Him, livin adventureous not worryin about expenditures I'm bravin temperatures below zero, no hero No father figure, you gotta pardon a nigga But I'm starvin my niggaz, and the weight loss in my figure is startin to darken my heart, bout to get to my liver Watch it my niggaz, I'm tryin to be calm but I'm gon' get richer through any means, with that thing that Malcolm palmed in the picture Never read the Qu'ran or Islamic scriptures Only psalms I read was on the arms of my niggaz Tattooed so I carry on like I'm non-religious Clap whoever stand between Shawn and figures Niggaz, say it's the dawn/Don but I'm superstitious Shit is as dark as it's been, nothin is goin as you predicted I move with biscuits, stop the harder niggaz actin too suspicious This is, food for thought, you do the dishes 
soon you'll understand-Jay-Z[SEP][Jay-Z] Mmm, you don't understand now be..cause you're cryin, and you hurt You'll understand soon enough.. soon enough  [Singer overlaps Jay-Z] Let him hold you, let him touch you Soon you'll un-der-stand  [Jay-Z] You're my best friend's sister, grown woman and all But you see how I am around girls; I ruin 'em all Plus your mom call me son, around you since I was small Shit I watched you mature - nah, this ain't right But still when your boyfriend ditched you, life's a bitch you cried Over my right shoulder I told you to wipe your eyes Take your time when you likin a guy Cause if he sense that your feelings too intense, it's pimp or die I bought you earrings on your birthday Drove you to college your first day It must be sad, though it hurts to say We could never be a item, don't even like him You deserve better - this is ugly; Gina, please don't love me There's better guys out there other than me (You need a lawyer or a doctor or somebody like that you know) Like a lawyer or a doctor with a Ph.D Think of how upset your mother and brother would be if they found that you was huggin me My conscience is fuckin with me  [Singer] Let him hold you, let him touch you Soon you'll un-der-stand  [Jay-Z] Man, I look in the eyes of a.. this.. a kid that stole life and me together.. We're tryin, really tryin to make it work I'm young, and I ain't ready, and I told you  [Singer overlaps Jay-Z] Let him hold you, let him touch you Soon you'll un-der-stand  [Jay-Z] It ain't like, I ain't tell you from day one, I ain't shit When it comes to relationships, I don't have the patience Now it's too late, we got a little life together and in my mind I really want you to be my wife forever But in the physical it's like I'ma be trife forever A different girl every night forever; told you to leave but you're stubborn and you love him and, no matter what despite all the fuckin and the cheatin, you still won't leave him, now you're grievin And I feel bad, believe me But I'm young and I ain't ready, and this ain't easy Wasn't fair to tell you to wait, so I told you to skate You chose not to, now look at the shit we gotta go through Doin a fight, throw in a fuss, you the mother of my baby I don't want you to hate me, this is about us Rather me; I ain't ready to be what you want me to be Because I love you, I want you to leave, please  [Singer] Let him hold you, let him touch you Soon you'll un-der-stand  [Jay-Z] Mm... listen ma I mean, I seen you workin two or three jobs Daddy left... I I thought I was makin things better I made it worse  [Singer overlaps Jay-Z] Let him hold you, let him touch you Soon you'll un-der-stand  [Jay-Z] Dear ma, I'm in the cell, lonely as hell Writin this scribe, thinkin bout how you must feel inside You tried to teach me better, but I refused to grow God damn I ain't the young man that you used to know You said the street claim lives, but I wanted things like bling bling ice I was wrong in hindsight Shit we grew apart, try to blame it on your new spouse I know it hurt like hell the day you kicked me out But your house is your house, I ain't respect the rules I brought crack past your door, beefed with rival crews And who wants to be the mother of a son who sold drugs Co-workers saw me on the corner slingin Larry Love Meanwhile, you workin hard like, two or three jobs Tryin to feed me and my siblings, makin an honest livin Who am I kiddin I, call myself easin the load I made the load heavy, I need money for commissary Try to understand, please  [Singer - repeat all 6X until fade] Let him hold you, let him touch you Soon you'll un-der-stand 
hova song (outro)-Jay-Z[SEP]Who ever thought young Shawn Carter would change the game? Used to rap to the raindrops off my window pane Duckin the plain cops, pushin indo and 'caine At the kitchen table late night, no pen, just my brain First album niggaz love me cause they thought I was poor Guess I'm successful; industry don't love me no more Well I'm the same nigga from your corner, bubblin raw Skully tilted, pants saggin, damn near touchin the floor And I come with do-rags to your so-called awards T-shirt with my chain out like fuck y'all all Retrospect ain't been the same since I lost my dad He's still alive, but still fuck you, don't cross my path A&R's had me feelin like moss in the drab So I turned the league out with "Reasonable Doubt" Get your CD's out, let's go, song for song I'm the illest nigga doin it til y'all prove me wrong Do you believe? It's Hova the God, uhh, uhh, uhh.. 
u don't know (remix)-Jay-Z[SEP]I'm not trying to be nosey babe oh no I'm not trying to give you no advice (Hovie's home) I don't plan to be (New addition to the roc) no philosopher But I still know this is the life Baby Baby  [Jay-Z] You gotta let this one breathe, just Just let it breathe for a sec Yup, Hovi's home Newest edition to the Roc M.O.P. The Blueprint 2 is on its way I know ya hear my footsteps out there...comin' Let's go get 'em just  [Lil Fame] Time to duck, fire Duck, fire, duck, fire Duck, fire, duck, FIYAAAAAAAHHH!  (U Don't know what you're doing, doing, doing, doing)  It's the MOP (Yes) In a zip-code that's 1, 1, 2, 3, 3 And motherfucker we comin, 100 miles and gunnin I'm still runnin with cash that's robbed From the era of exhale 80's and hats back stomp (SAME GAME!) operation for this industry lockdown We still tote hammers that go BLOCKOWWWW Run up if you wanna, believe me dog These hammers with they owners, fuck ya G up Have ya with blue 'jamas in a coma, and Ya family now moan, look, 70 pounds gone A little fuck, scribbled up with a hospital down on (WE HOLDIN IT DOWN HOLMES!) keep pushin weak frail bastards To get over, we prowl with slimmer re-shelled tactics Jiminy frail bastards, your tracks need tune-ups No limit, what the fuck, recordin for nig' junior (The game ain't changed)it just got harder Plus we sponsored by laz' Dame Dash and Mr. S. Carter Brownsville (yep), we stomp in this bitch all day Rock with my cock out, face the crowd and piss off stage  [Billy Danze] Uh, Uh, Uh, I'm from the G side of thangs Where we ride and bang, where the heat died of flame That's how we got the name (WARRIORS!) And better than ya bank, and someone should be tellin 'em The veterans have came, and we're better in the game (YOU BETTER MAKE IT RAIN!) "27 grams" my man It's better than cocaine, now everything will change In this family we'll rule the world And you haters can eat a dick up till you hiccup and erm A decade on the grind, nigga I paid mine So it's my time to shine and for you can ride the pine I wont sit back and rap like these dumb ass kids I been around, I put it down, I ain't these young ass kids (MOP!) The OG's repped and survived around this motherfucka (FIRST FAMILY!) We kept it live around this motherucka When it's crunch time, we do it our wizzay For shizzle my nigga, learn to grip pistols and BK  [Jay-Z] WHOOOOOOO!!!!!! Turn my music high, high, high, high-er Mo' fire, mo' problems, more Roc-a-wear attire Mo' money, mo' murder now that M.O.P.'s hired Mo' murder for the ROC empire, ya'll wont surface Ya'll nervous knowin them guns on full service, ready to fire One body, two body, three body, four Young sittin on paper, I'm above the law Young shittin on haters, I ain't fuckin with ya'll For my Brownsville neighbors, How About Some Hardcore? And it just get worser, every time I write my signature in cursive Just add another million to these verses One million, two million, three million, four And the money's really worthless, I'm pissing you off on purpose My nephew's situated, and my mama's straight So I'm ready for whatever drama should come our way And you fuckers rappin to me, so your drama is fake Ya'll niggas is noodles, I got more fetti to bake Let's get it! 
face off-Jay-Z[SEP][Jay-Z (Sauce)]  [Jay-Z talking:] Sauce mothafuckin, jigga, jigga feel this...  [Chorus] This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me (If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes  (This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me) If ya feel me (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes)  [Verse 1] Yeah (If ya want some put ya guns up it's on) Ladies know that when the sun's up I'm gone (Fuck them bitches though digits though) Fuck, now if I bring it niggas know whaat (All black gat with the mack out) I take shorty to the rest blow her back out sun dress undress throw her back out (biotch) (in & out like a crack house) keep it moving (Face off with the .38 scraped off) keep shorty maced can't throw a 4-4 eight ball know your place (so it starts when ya least expect) (the yeast infect) you don't imitate bitches (piece protected) so I hear you hate bitches? (love the dough, ya flow irritate niggas) fuck them though, it's all out and have a fall out I fucked ya girl (On top now we call out fuck the world) (Face Off!)  [Chorus] (This gos out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me) If ya feel me (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes)  This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me (If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes  [Verse 2] (I apologize ladies I'm lovin' ya right) you must be used to me trickin' but we fuckin' tonight (No wine no dine) no wheelin' the whip all night long just feelin' the dick be-i-itch (Sauce mothafuckin' slayin' I'm sayin' with no delayin') (Can you beat that? I eat that) you just playin' nigga you neva know what a chick could do (pull the trigga too) check the shit jigga do (My crew) mackin' the same bitch (I do) (back man stack grands) daddy like I you (Love them hoes jigga?) Ha how that sound? women start to fall we all bat around Let my whole team hit it (scatter 'round) you never seen wit it (pat 'em down) check for cream in it (These riches) got nu'hin to do wit these bitches (Nothin' y'all can do to stop these digits) (Face Off!)  [Chorus] This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me (If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes  (This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me) If ya feel me (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes)  [Verse 3] (Can I touch that?) what's that? Leave it for dead. Keep ya arm over ya face my nigga (keep ya head) (keep a mind to survive if ya sleep ya dead) Stay fly 'til ya die nigga deep with prayer (with each word ya say I guess the beef is dead) Ladies & gentlemen (like impeach the Prez) (Val Kilmer style nigga draw heat with feds) (broad day like De Niro shoot all day) I'm the man fuckin' the tracks and you just foreplay get a hit I, I come through, blow up, you spit out What keep it cocked faithfully like salop with one in the drop don't get hit up (I be the 4-5th flamer hoes bitch shamer) (clap cats a snitch she'll give ya whole click name up) Look I done came up (and) thought a whole game up meet me in the square with one in the chamber (The Face Off nigga)  [Chorus] This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me (If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes  (This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me) If ya feel me (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes)  This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya gun up (in the air) if ya feel me Fuck 'em all day (fuck 'em all night) we don't love these hoes  ["Track Masters" is whispered softly 8X in background] (This goes out... put ya guns up in the air) if ya feel me if ya feel (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes) Yeah!!  This goes out (to my Brooklyn crew)... 
it's alright-Jay-Z[SEP][Jay-Z:] Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright, yeah yeah  I need a ho in my life to blow on my dice So we can make our points twice and skate out a town I need that glow in my ice, E-Class Ladies screamin Jigga you know we ease that, flowin out like Jees-ass Jay-Z and me holdin the mic so when you like you find MC's so impolite And me I'm so into nice, got cats on the corner like Don't me and Jigga be flowin alike? Nah, Not in your life ain't nobody copin like Mr. Jay-Z, shit you're crazy I'm hot like the six maybe, Deep dish with the great seats I flow greater than you're navigator I drop in you're town, block you're data Pimps all comin through with a hot pair of gators And a crew with rocks the size of craters Can't touch like hot potatoes, Ya Heard?  Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright, Holla back  [Memphis Bleek:] In the middle of a war rockin a vest Who's the illest shorty alive, I confess I take nine to the chest and I swear to the heaven sky's, I bless The mics until the day I rest, till they can feel what I feel I'ma try my best, and if you real like I real you can provide the rest Anything left out, you can blame it on the brain, not the heart I'm playing my part, stretched out, just about the best out Any nigga realer than me, is in a messhall with their chest out Any rapper with less clout, sell more records than me We extort them as soon as they record 'em, Bleek My name is clear, back when a shorty used to braid my hair On the project stairs, Once I drop to a ceaser Ma I don't need ya From the block to the hot two-seaters  [Jay-Z:] Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright, Check  On the two Jew-el's I blew more money than Latrell, who else? They don't know you, think they know you too well, you jell Like Flubber I hover above the city in a private jet, the livest set Press you're brakes, Feds wanna investigate, Mr. I don't cop nothin Less than eight, and anything involved with my name Regardless of the fame It's hard, I can't even walk through Harlem again, Charge it to the game, I'm platinum like American Express My boy died, and all I did was inherit his stress To make every jam tougher, you ain't my man fuck ya I suggest let you live right? Negative, I swear It's dough or die, I hope your soul provides you with an afterlife Close you're casket tight Take you're last two deep breaths and pass the mic To Jay-Z nigga, That's Right!!  Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright 
things that u do-Jay-Z[SEP][Jay-Z] Uh-huh, uh Jigga man, uh-huh MC ThatOs right Swizz Beatz Uh, uh, come on  [Mariah (Jay-Z)] It's the things that you do That make me feel so... (Come on, inhale, exhale, breathe on it for me) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain (Uh) I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Bounce, bounce) It's the things that you do That make me feel so.. (Exhale breathe on it for me) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain (Yeah) I love you (Uh come on) You thug look at what you make the clubs do  [Jay-Z] You know the flow sicka, know Jigga, mo' sicka now right You know what me and Swizz's shit sound like Crazed and demonic, uh without blazin chronic Product of Reaganomics You know that motherfuckin stoop raised me Ringin in da hoops but I was too lazy School made me sick, teachers said I was too crazy Low and behold, it's the new and improved Jay-Z Let me explain this to you baby I spent nights out, days in Niggaz was blazing, twelve noon where I was raised in I felt caged in but kept roaming Prayed for the Day of Atonement Married to the streets no date of annulment It seems every time it comes up They postpone it So I kept my chrome at the waist Waiting for the omen Savoring the moment and now you know The reason that I flow the way I flow baby  [Mariah (Jay-Z)] It's the things that you do (Uh, inhale, exhale, breathe on it) That make me feel so.. And I don't know the way I feel I can explains I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Bounce, shake, bounce, shake) It's the things that you do That make me feel so.. (Uh, exhale, breathe on it for me) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain (Uh) I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Drop, bounce, yo)  [Jay-Z] You know I move like an ounce Bottled up like crack That's how I make you bounce like that Defy Webster's words they can't pronounce like that That's why no other rapper got a sound like that Trap, trap of my life Flashback, kill niggaz Rap skills unmatched, Jigga man baby I can't entertain it sometimes I can't explain it God given, gifts of a soul for hard living Far be it from me to question Allah's wisdom Could've been lost in the system Instead I'm involved with the rhythm I dodged prison, came out unscathed from car collisions I know I must be part of some mission Shit I used take it for granted Why they placed me on this planet I would ask myself while writin raps to myself But right there under my nose Was the flow of all flows Not a demon but a rose in the cement, come on  [Mariah (Jay-Z)] It's the things that you do That make me feel so.. (Inhale, exhale, breathe on it MC) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain (Uh) I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Bounce, shake, shake it, uh) It's the things that you do That make me feel so.. (Exhale, uh) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Lights out nigga)  [Jay-Z] You know I've traveled through zones Homes spazzed like a bad back I came into this game on Jaz's back I jumped off stood on my own two like boom, that's that Yeah I'm here to show and prove Don't matter to me the Garden or flowin on Clue Whatever niggas wanna do - it's alright with me Whether you big or bossy, jig or flossy Dusty or musty, sober or saucy Broker than Todd Bridges, richer than Bill Cosby Forgive me for my arrogance or you still salty? Past on to the next life and you still haunt me I'mma keep doing me unfortunately I make the club rock, make thugs pop guns Make old folks do the bus stop; can't stop son Shit I give you what's hot and what's not, I never knew Y'all (niggas) know (niggas) how (niggas) do  [Mariah (Jay-Z)] It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. (Uh, exhale, inhale) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Uh, bounce, shake, what? uh-huh) It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. (Uh-huh, inhale, exhale) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Bounce, shake ladies) It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. (Uh-huh, breathe for me, uh, uh-huh) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain (Uh) I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Lights out niggas) It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. And I don't know the way I feel I can explain I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. And I don't know the way I feel I can explain I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. And I don't know the way I feel I can explain I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do 
green light-Jay-Z[SEP][Jay-Z] Who da fuck can stop us niggaz, it's gangsta niggaz It's gangsta!  Woo!  It's gangsta nigga! All g-g-gangsta nigga, uhh!  [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [J] You got the green light to drag your motherfuckin mink [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [J] Throw your pinkie ring high in the motherfuckin air [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [J] Drop your top, c'mon!  [R. Kelly + (Jay-Z)] Now I done told y'all niggaz once before y'all don't know who you fuckin wit Y'all gon' fuck around and make me come up out this music biz (Don't make me..) This just a record deal, y'all motherfuckers been on some shit Bite my style, tryin to get rich, so I decided to flip my shit Bene-fit me like a tight outfit, like Mr. Biggs' about to have a fit It's, a, bout, to, be, some, shit (please believe it) See vin-dawg, and dre-shal, got a nigga real open y'all I see haters peepin me, lookin hard like a pu-ssy Same fight, different round; same circus, different clown Same pussy, different town; assholes how you like me now? Kel' and Jigga, the best of both niggaz Put two heads together, mean mo' figures (ha) Word to Tigger, put me off up in the "Bassment" with the rest of the rap niggaz, watch ratings get bigger I'm a pimp of this music, the tracks be my hoes Sisqo, don't make me kick you out like Devoe Haters left, players right.. green light  [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [J] You have the green light to be as pimp as you want to [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [J] Oh dis gangsta! [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [J] It's so muh'fuckin gangsta!  [Jay-Z] Psycho, like no, bitch-ass niggaz don't wanna see the R.O.C. so you creep low Shoot from the line like a free throw With this 'nali of mine like a Pi-co Leave niggaz far behind like a cheap hoe On my grind every time that you see Hov' Yeah I got it, come and get it, green light go (go) Red dot I stop ya, yellow niggaz move slow  [Beanie Sigel] Red dot I got 'em, tell that nigga move slow Head shots pop 'em when I let the uz' go He done told fool.. Dunn think Dunn loc'in when a gun smokin Tell Dunn I been gun-totin He don't know he facin death Hockey mask on Jason's step Don't make me pop past your Raisinette You niggaz cow-ass You bullshit, I pull shit, and keep a full clip  [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go 
girls, girls, girls-Jay-Z[SEP][Jay-Z] Girls I love you.. I love all y'all Hehehe, hehehe, f'real  [Biz] I love girls, girls, girls, girls Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya Holla at ya when I come off tour, yeah  [Jay-Z] I got this Spanish chica, she don't like me to roam So she call me cabron plus marricon Said she likes to cook rice so she likes me home I'm like, "Un momento" - mami, slow up your tempo I got this black chick, she don't know how to act Always talkin out her neck, makin her fingers snap She like, "Listen Jigga Man, I don't care if you rap You better - R-E-S-P-E-C-T me" I got this French chick that love to french kiss She thinks she's Bo Derek, wear her hair in a twist My, cherie amor, t£ est belle Merci, you fine as fuck but you givin me hell I got this indian squaw the day that I met her Asked her what tribe she with, red dot or feather She said all you need to know is I'm not a ho And to get with me you better be Chief Lots-a-Dough Now that's Spanish chick, French chick, indian and black That's fried chicken, curry chicken, damn I'm gettin fat Arroz con pollo, french fries and crepe An appetitite for destruction but I scrape the plate I love  [Tip] Girls, girls, girls, girls (uh-huh) Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya Holla at ya when I come off tour [Tip] I love girls, girls, girls, girls Girls all over the globe [Jay] I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll - c'mon  [Jay-Z] I got this young chick, she so immature She like, "Why you don't buy me Reeboks no more?" Like to show out in public, throw tantrums on the floor Gotta toss a couple dollars, just to shut up her holla Got a project chick, that plays her part And if it goes down y'all that's my heart Baby girl so thorough she been with me from the start Hid my drugs from the NARCs, hid my guns by the parts I got this model chick that don't cook or clean But she dress her ass off and her walk is mean Only thing wrong with ma she's always on the scene God damn she's fine but she parties all the time I get frequent flier mileage from my stewardess chick She look right in that tight blue dress, she's thick She gives me extra pillows and seat back love So I had to introduce her to the Mile High Club Now that's young chick, stewardess, project and model That means I fly rough early, plus I know Tahoe That means I'm new school, pop pills and stay in beef But I never have a problem with my first class seat I love  [Rick] Girls, girls, girls, girls Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya Holla at ya when I come off tour [Rick] I love girls, girls, girls, girls Girls all over the globe [Jay] I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll  [Jay-Z] I got this paranoid chick, she's scared to come to the house A hypochondriac who says ouch before I whip it out Got a chick from Peru, that sniff Peru She got a cousin at customs that get shit through Got this weedhead chick, she always catch me doin shit Crazy girl wanna leave me but she always forgets Got this Chinese chick, had to leave her quick' Cause she kept bootleggin my shit - man I got this African chick with Eddie Murphy on her skull She like, "Jigga Man, why you treat me like animal?" I'm like excuse me Ms. Fufu, but when I met your ass you was dead broke and naked, and now you want half I got this ho that after twelve million sold Mami's a narcolyptic, always sleepin on Hov' Gotta tie the back of her head like Deuce Bigalow I got so many girls across the globe..  [Biz] I love girls, girls, girls, girls Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya Holla at ya when I come off tour [Tip] I love girls, girls, girls, girls Girls all over the globe [Jay] I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll [Rick] I love girls, girls, girls, girls Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya Holla at ya when I come off tour  [Jay] I love girls, girls, girls, girls Girls, girls.. 
big pimpin'-Jay-Z[SEP][Jay-Z] Uhh, uh uh uh It's big pimpin baby.. It's big pimpin, spendin G's Feel me.. uh-huh uhh, uh-huh.. Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah..  You know I - thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em Cause I don't fuckin need em Take em out the hood, keep em lookin good But I don't fuckin feed em First time they fuss I'm breezin Talkin bout, "What's the reasons?" I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch Better trust than believe em In the cut where I keep em til I need a nut, til I need to beat the guts Then it's, beep beep and I'm pickin em up Let em play with the dick in the truck Many chicks wanna put Jigga fist in cuffs Divorce him and split his bucks Just because you got good head, I'ma break bread so you can be livin it up?  Shit I.. parts with nothin, y'all be frontin Me give my heart to a woman? Not for nothin, never happen I'll be forever mackin Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion I got no patience And I hate waitin.. Hoe get yo' ass in And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah  [Chorus One: Jay-Z] We doin.. big pimpin, we spendin G's Check em out now Big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Yo yo yo.. big pimpin, spendin G's We doin - big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B  [Bun B] Nigga it's the - big Southern rap impresario Comin straight up out the black bar-rio Makes a mill' up off a sorry hoe Then sit back and peep my sce-nawr-e-oh Oops, my bad, that's my scenario No I can't fuck a scary hoe Now every time, every place, everywhere we go Hoes start pointin - they say, "There he go!" Now these motherfuckers know we carry mo' heat than a little bit We don't pull it out over little shit And if you catch a lick when I spit, then it won't be a little hit Go read a book you illiterate son of a bitch and step up yo' vocab Don't be surprised if yo' hoe stab out with me and you see us comin down on yo' slab Livin ghetto-fabulous, so mad, you just can't take it But nigga if you hatin I then you wait while I get yo' bitch butt-naked, just break it You gotta pay like you weigh wet wit two pairs of clothes on Now get yo' ass to the back as I'm flyin to the track Timbaland let me spit my pro's on Pump it up in the pro-zone That's the track that we breakin these hoes on Ain't the track that we flow's on But when shit get hot, then the glock start poppin like ozone We keep hoes crunk like Trigger-man Fo' real it don't get no bigger man Don't trip, let's flip, gettin throwed on the flip Gettin blowed with the motherfuckin Jigga Man, fool  [Chorus Two: Bun B] We be.. big pimpin, spendin G's We be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We be.. big pimpin down in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Cause we be.. big pimpin, spendin G's And we be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s Cause we be.. big pimpin in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B.. nigga  [Pimp C] Uhh.. smokin out, throwin up, keepin lean up in my cup All my car got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall If he up, watch him fall, nigga I can't fuck witch'all If I wasn't rappin baby, I would still be ridin Mercedes Chromin shinin sippin daily, no rest until whitey pay me Uhhh, now what y'all know bout them Texas boys Comin down in candied toys, smokin weed and talkin noise  [Chorus Two] 
pop 4 roc-Jay-Z[SEP][Amil (Jay-Z)] (Alright yeah) Would ya love me? (Uh-huh, alright) Would ya hate me? (Watch this yo) I know ya love me (Alright) I know ya hate me (Uh Clue) Would ya love me? (Brand new Duro) Would ya hate me? I know ya love me (Feel this yo, uh)  [Amil] Uh, uh, uh See me comin through hair done just a slinging my shit With something Gucci on clinging to my hips Frontin with the Star Tech ringing in the whip Icy ears, neck, fingers for years Got the show wild with the toes out Shit I don't fuck with no stingy nigga I rock Prada, Chanel, and Fendi nigga What I'mma do with your little blunts and Henney nigga? I'mma Major Coin with a pretty Bentley nigga Uh my niggas will ride for me You should see all the things they buy for me Uh, it's obvious how I spend my time Around ballers all day don't have to spend a dime Callin' up room service when it's dinner time Get my tan on in the tropics in the winter time nigga, uh, uh, uh  [Amil (Beanie Siegal)] Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 Roc) I know ya hate me (Cuz you know we got shit locked) Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 Roc) I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked)  [Beanie Siegal] Ay yo, we gon' stop this here Get this clear the general of the Roc in here Beanie Siegal hottest thing on the block this year Keep the ego we been bound to the top ya hear Forget about it you don't know me yo stop the stares I've been about it pop you then pop ya peers You know how I do six coup, top be clear You know how I play low layer Roc-A-Wear Catch Siegal in the kitchen balloon in the pie Y'all from whom to buy Y'all niggas know if y'all cross Mac Y'all soon to die Cuz you know I bring heat like June and July Spit like August I'm the truth I'm not lying I'm the reason why Jay feel comfortable retiring I gotta laugh cuz y'all work hard at this shit Think about yo I just started this shit Just imagine if I put my heart in this shit Scary sight y'all niggas feel me right God damn yo I barely write But every rhyme be in check like a pair of Nikes  [Amil (Beanie Siegal)] Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) I know ya hate me (Cuz you know we got shit locked) Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked)  [Memphis Bleek] Yo, yo, well I'm gold now Memph Man Coming Of Age and I'm grown now Sittin on chrome now I'm the youngest gun, I get it on with anyone I've been in thirty beefs shit I'm barely 21 Guns I hold em like offensive linemen Bring em back to the streets like a brick on consignment Interlining of the Mark Buchanan Spark two hammers Memph Man gold marks the understanding  [Jay-Z] We don't engage in war we elope Orange juice style beat niggas to a pulp We broke nigga you just told 3 jokes Me, Biggs, and Dame we get some things See the six dames me and Biggs live in the Range Mine's platinum his Champagne Niggas whisper cuz if they talk they gets slain Y'all's was looking for me on the charts the bricks came Left the same night in the morning the chicks came I just use rap to put shit in my name The death's just a matter of time the hit's been arranged Contracts signed the shits in your name Just to lame rap niggas I'm the king Motherfuck the ring mami kiss the chain I don't got game to waste on y'all I'm don't think with my dick or chase my balls I'm a hustla hit me with an eighth of raw And when I get on top I'mma blaze all y'all Keep em laced some more I know you want some things I drink a lot of water mami come clean Chicks I pump her then dump her Cars we got em bumper to bumper Rap niggas y'all days are numbered Nobody drop nothin' next summer, yeah  [Amil (Beanie Siegal)] Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) I know ya hate me (Cuz you know we got shit locked) Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked)  [Jay-Z] Yeah R-O-C for the 2 triple O Ya heard me You are about to witness a dynasty like no other Beanie Siegal, The General Amil-lion, Diana Ross of the ROC Memph Bleek, Young god Ha, ha Jigga Man, get ya mind right niggas 
a week ago-Jay-Z[SEP][Jay-Z] Uh-huh [$hort] That's right [Jay-Z] Uh-huh-uh, it was all good just a week ago [$hort] Last week I had everything [Jay-Z] Uh, uh-huh-uh, had this all good just a week ago [$hort] I had the money.. had the cars, the bitches [Jay-Z] Uh-huh, yeah, it was all good just a week ago [$hort] and the jewelry.. and then my motherfuckin niggaz started snitchin [Jay-Z] Uh-huh, uh uh, yo [$hort] Beyotch!  [Verse One: Jay-Z] Growin up in the hood just my dog and me We used to hustle in the hood for, all to see Problems, I called on him, he called on me We wasn't quite partners, I hit him off my P Met him unlocked doors, off my keys Yeah we spoke, much more than cordially Man he broke bread with me, my business spreads with me The Feds came to get me, we both fled quickly Wasn't quick enough to jump over the hedges with me Got caught, and that's when our relationship strayed Used to call me from the joint til he ran out of change And when he called collect and I heard his name I quickly accepted, but when I reached the phone he's talkin reckless, I can sense deceit in his tone I said, "Damn dawg, what, nine weeks and you're home?" He said, "Main man, you think shit's sweet cause you're home." I just sat, spat no more speech in the phone The crackers up there bleachin your dome, you're reachin I said, "The world don't stop I've got to keep keep on." From there I sensed the beef was on I ran to the spot, store to add some more features to my phone To see if I had bugs and leeches on my phone Can't be too safe cause niggaz is two-faced And they show the other side when they catch a new case It's on  [Chorus: Too $hort, Jay-Z] It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks I don't see how this side of you could be provoked (Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago)  Funny what, seven days can change A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim Used to have a firm grip now you droppin names Uh-huh, uh-huh (It was all good just a week ago)  [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Like I put the toast to your head and made you sell We both came in this game, blind as hell I did a little better, had more clientele Told you put away some cheddar now you cryin for bail Seventeen and I'm holdin on to around a mill I could bail out and blow trial and come around on the pill Had niggaz thinkin I was from Uptown for real I had so much hustle plus I was down to ill Like a Brooklyn nigga, straight out of Brownsville Down and dirty, down to fight the round thirty Freezin on them corners still holdin my crack Lookin up and down the block, the fuck is the dough at? Came from flat broke to lettin the dough stack You tell them feds I said I'm never goin back I'm from Marcy, and Marcy don't raise no rats You know the consequences of your acts, you can't be serious  [Chorus]  [Verse Three: Jay-Z] The lawyer I retained you said you leakin some things All this after a week in the bang I'm mad at myself cause I didn't spot the weak and lame I woulda bet the house you wouldn't speak a thang Nigga this was the oath, to the top of broke Even pricked our finger, anything that got between us we sposed to cock the ninas, what happened to that? Instead you copped out to a misdemeanor Fuck it, the same thing make you laugh make you cry That's right, the same game that make you mad could make you die It's a dice game, and sometimes you crap Who woulda thought you'd get popped one time and rap? Now you know that's bad when your sister is mad and your son gotta grow up like, "This is my dad?" The labelling of a snitch is a lifetime scar You'll always be in jail nigga, just minus the bars  [Chorus]  [Too $hort] Shit is crazy man All these niggaz out here snitchin We was one step away from takin this crack money and recyclin it through the ghettoes and buildin back up our own hoods Now all you niggaz start snitchin on each other I got partners doin 15-20 Wouldn'ta been doin SHIT if you didn't snitch Beyotch! It's about time y'all check that shit out man It ain't all good Shut your mouth Just watch the game And don't snitch It sure will do a lot for you Believe that baby Jay-Z, Short Dawg's in the house main You know I got it Got it goin on We got the money Ain't got nuthin to do with crime baby But I'm recognizing  [Jay-Z] You rat bastard! 
never change-Jay-Z[SEP]("Never, never, never, never change") Ain't never changed, this is Jay every day ("I never change!") I never change, this is Jay every day ("I never change!") I never change, this is Jay  [Jay-Z] I am a, Roc representer Hov', summer to winter, Hov', dead or alive Twenty-four/seven, three-sixty-five One CD or three-hundred and sixty pies Whassup to E and Kirk?  Welcome home to Taj Let no amount of money ruin this thing of ours We run streets like drunks run street lights We collidin with life as we speak We knee deep in coke, we ki deep in ice We flood streets with dope, we keep weed to smoke We all fish, better teach your folk Give him money to eat, then next week he's broke Cause when you sleep, he's reachin for your throat Word on the skreet, you reap what you sew Not out of fear but love, love for the game Roc family first, we never change mayn  [Chorus] ("Never, never, never, never change") I'm still fuckin with crime cause crime pays ("I never change!") Out hustlin, same clothes for days ("I never change!") I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change Who you know like Hov'? ("Never, never, never, never change") I'm still fuckin with crime cause crime pays ("I never change!") Out hustlin, same clothes for days ("I never change!") I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change  [Jay-Z] What's up to my Miami and St. Thomas connects (whattup) I'll never mention your name, I promise respect Death before dishonor correct? - Yup That's what you promised me, since the (?)lee Along with, if we stay strong We can get paper longer than Pippen's arms Plead the fifth when it comes to the fam I'm like a dog - I never speak, but I understand Where my dogs at?  Where my soldiers at war? Where your bars at?  Whoa, gotta pause that - whoa Lost 92 bricks had to fall back Knocked a nigga off his feet, but I crawled back Had A-1 credit, got more crack From the first to the fifth, gave it all back If, I'm not a hustler what you call that? This is before rap, this is all fact I never change  [Chorus]  [Jay-Z] What, the streets robbed me, wasn't educated properly Well fuck y'all, I needed money for Atari Was so young my big sis' still playin with Barbie Young brother, big city, eight million stories Old heads taught me, yung'un, walk softly Carry a big clip, that'll get niggaz off me Keep coke in coffee, keep money smellin mothy Change is cool to cop but more important is lawyer fees (Uhh) That's how it is now (uhh) that's how it always be (Uhh) I never change, this is always me From the womb to the tomb, from now until my doom Drink army from one cup pass it around the room (That's a family nigga) That's the ritual (yup) Big Ran, I ain't forget you fool And all that bullshit you tryin to get through This is crew love, move music or move drugs Rival crews get your black suits up - I never change  [Chorus]  [Jay-Z] This is Jay, everyday Who you know like Hov', nigga? 
what more can i say?-Jay-Z[SEP](Are you not entertained?) (Are..you..not..entertained?) (Is this not why you're here?) Uh, Uh, Huh Turn the music up Turn me down Guru...Lets go get 'em again This time it's for the money my nigga Brooklyn stand up  [Verse One] There's never been a nigga this good for this long This hood Or this pop is hot Or this strong With so many different flows This ones for this song The next one I'll switch up This one will get bit up These fucks To lazy to make up shit They crazy They don't...paint pictures They just trace me You know what Soon they forget who they plucked They whole style from And try to reverse the outcome I'm like...CLUCK I'm not a biter I'm a writer For myself and others I say a B.I.G. verse I'm only biggin up my brother Biggin up my borough I'm big enough to do it I'm that thorough Plus i know my own flow is foolish So the rings and things you sing about Bring em out It's hard to yell when the bar-rel's in your mouth I'm in...New sneakers Deuce seaters A few Diva's What more can i tell you Let me spell it for you W-I-Double L-I-E Nobody truer than H-O-V And I'm back for more New Yorks ambassador Prime Minister back to finish my business up  [Chorus: Singing] What more can i say? What more can i do? I give this all to you I know this much is true My Life (Look at my life) (See what i see)  [Verse Two] You already know what I'm about Flying birds down south Moving wet off the step Purple Rain in the drought Stuntin on hoes Brushing off my shirt But ain't nothing on my clothes 'Cept my chain My name Young H-O Pitch the yea faithful Even if they patrol i make payroll Benz paid for Friends they roll Private jets down to Turks and Caicos Chrys case loads I don't give a shit Nigga one life to live i can't let a day go Bye Without me being fly Fresh to death Head to toe until the day i rest And i don't wear jerseys I'm thirty plus Give me a crisp pair of jeans nigga button ups S dots on my feet Makes my cycle complete What more can i say Guru play the beat, I'm leaving!  We gonna let this ride into the hook I'mma snap my fingers on this one What more can i say to you? Get my grown man on LET'S GO (What more can i say?)  [Verse Three] Now you know ass is Willie When they got you in a mag For like half a Billi And your ass ain't Lilly White That mean that shit you write must be illy Either that or your flow is silly It's both I don't mean to boast But damn if i don't brag Them crackers gonna act like i ain't on they ads The Martha Stewart That's far from Jewish Far from a Harvard student Just had the balls to do it And no I'm not through with it In fact I'm just previewing it This ain't the show I'm just EQ'in it One, Two and i won't stop abusing it To groupie girls stop false accusing it Back to the music The mayback roof is translucent Niggas got a problem Houston What up B They can't shut up me Shut down I Not even P.E. I'mma ride God forgive me for my brash deivery But i remember vivily What these streets did to me So picture me Lettin these clowns nit pick at me Paint me like a Pickaninny I will literally Kiss Tee-Tee in the forhead Tell her please forgive me Then squeeze until your forhead I'm not the one to score points off In fact I got a joint to knock your points off Young Hova the God nigga blast for me I'm at the Trump International Ask for me I ain't never scared I'm everywhere You ain't never there Nigga why would i ever care Pound for pound I'm the best to ever come around here Excluding nobody Look what i embody The soul of a hustler i really ran the street I CEO's mine That marketing plan was me And no i ain't get shot up a whole bunch of times Or make up shit in a whole bunch of lines And i ain't animated, like say a, Busta Rhymes But the real shit you get when you bust down my lines Add that to the fact i went plat a bunch of times Times that by my influence On pop culture I supposed to be number one on everybody's list We'll see what happens when i no longer exist Fuck this  (What more can i say?) 
jigga that nigga-Jay-Z[SEP]Roc-A-Fella y'all [Jay] It's the Roc! Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga [Jay] R.O., R.O.C. niggaz, R.O. Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga [Jay] Hov'! R.O.C. niggaz, R.O., whoo! Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga [Jay] It's Hov'! R.O.C. niggaz Jay-Z..  [Jay-Z] Come on the track duh duh da-da With a throwback jersey and a fitted Might blow a bag of hershey in the sidd-ix Or might take sips of army with a chidd-ick, I'm so sick widdit Lampin in the Hamptons, the weekends man The Stan Smith Adidas and the Campers Or playin guts on the cruise, Hermes bow shoes The Izod bucket on I'm so old school Yellow wrist watch, Gucci flip flops Six top model chicks, who is this hot? J-A, ladies help me say it now Y-Z, mami why you playin with me? Ride with me, get high as me It's how it's supposed to be, when you rollin with G's, Hov'! Back up in this bitch like whoa Jigga get this whole bitch jumpin like six-fo's  [Chorus] (Hov'!) V is I, and I am him (Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!) Slim with the tilted brim on twenty inch rims (Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!) And if y'all got love for me I got love for y'all (Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!) And if y'all go to war for me I go to war wit y'all (Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)  [Jay-Z] Hov'!  And so I breeze through, jeans is Evisu She's respondin, top of C. Bronson We in Luan (whoo!) gettin our groove on Buyin out the bar, on our way to Spa' She never seen a hundred on the wrist before Never seen twenty-two's on the 6 before I am, killin 'em out there, they needin first aid Cause the boy got more 6's than first grade The crib got, killer views and square feet You have to film MTV Cribs for a week So, sleep if you need to, mami I will leave you Right where you stand, nah I don't wanna dance (I'm good) I just wanna see what's in your Frankie V pants Waist is low enough to let your waist show Top like a rock star, I got a fast car We can cruise the city, doin a buck-sixty  [Chorus]  [Jay-Z] "He did it again!"  Haters no like But they gotta fuck with it cause the flow's so tight Gnarly dude!  I puff Bob Marley dude All day, like Rastafari's do Now I'm stuck to the point I could hardly move You fuckin up my high, don't bother me dude But Red Rover, send your hoes over She can do WHATEVER, sip somethin with soda She can leave WHENEVER, sip somethin with Hova We can play HOWEVER, slay bed or sofa And the prognosis, sex is explosive Left her with wet bedsheets, nigga I'm focused  [Chorus]  [Jay-Z] R.O., R.O.C. niggaz.. R.O.C. niggaz (Roc-A-Fella y'all!) 
hola' hovito-Jay-Z[SEP][Jay-Z] (J) uhh (A) uh-uh (Y) uh uh-uh Ah ch-ch ah, ch-ah, ah uh-uh Ah ch-ch ah, ch-ah, ah uh-uh It's that hop I'm talkin bout right here Timbo!  I can't be stopped when it hop like this family, uhh! (Uno, dos, tres, cuatro!)  They say hola' hovito That's what they sayin when I roll up with my people My music bangin like - them vatos locos got rap in a chokehold And I won't surrender it with, beats by Timbaland Calle de la boca, my baby All I wanna, do is, stroke ya all crazy My, dick game is vicious, insane at bitches Mami keep comin back cause mami came vicious Catch Hov' in the drop, nasty thang lane switchin Once you turn your neck for a sec your dame's missin Bujando, bujando, the cops is comin Got that rap patrol behind yo, get to runnin I'm unstoppable Hov', untoppable flows I'm the compadre, the Sinatra of my day Ol' Blue Eyes my nigga, I did it my way If y'all not rollin with Hov' then hit the highway  [Chorus] (Hola' hovito!) Yeah, yeah (Hola' hovito!) Yeah that's what they sayin when that music get to bangin Put it down for my PEO-PLE! (Hola' hovito! Hola' hovito!) Yeah that's what they sayin when that music get to bangin Put it down for my PEO-PLE!  [an extra "yeah" before the 5th line first time, 2nd line second, and the 5th line the third time]  [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah naw I don't fuck around, stay on my J.O. Hov' been about that dough since I was a day old Oh, push perrico if I need to for the rule of evil Was born in the belly that's the way the streets breed you One life to live - notice you get no sequel So I truly got to live this like my last movie Six oohie, jewels drippin, big toolie I ball for real, y'all niggaz is Sam Bouie And with the third pick - I made the earth sick M.J., hem Jay, fade away perfect I rhyme sicker than every rhyme spitter Every crime nigga that rhyme or touch a mic because my mind's quicker I'm a eighty-eighter, nine-six to "Reasonable Doubt" Temper short, don't take much to squeeze you out Yeah you shinin but the only thing you're leavin out You're a candle in the sun - that shit don't even out  [Chorus]  [Jay-Z] Hold up; naw muh'fuckers - y'all muh'fuckers better run to the post office and get a job muh'fuckers A starve muh'fuckers, cause Jay's been the only one eatin thus far sub-par muh'fuckers Naw even though y'all hate I love y'all muh'fuckers "Friend or Foe," y'all all my muh'fuckers If you haven't heard, I'm Michael Magic and Bird all rolled in one - cause none got more flows than Young Plus got more flows to come And if I ain't better than Big, I'm the closest one So move over - hoes, choose Hova My food for though so hot it give you dudes ulcers Rovers, roasters, poseurs gettin it in with me, livin like they supposed tah Watches, chain, front row at the game Sold out arena, all screamin my name, c'mon  [Chorus] 
i fall to pieces-Patsy Cline[SEP]I fall to pieces Each time I see you again I fall to pieces How can I be just your friend?  You want me to act like we've never kissed You want me to forget (to forget) Pretend we've never met (never met) And I've tried and I've tried, but I haven't yet You walk by and I fall to pieces  I fall to pieces Each time someone speaks your name (speaks your name) I fall to pieces Time only adds to the flame  You tell me to find someone else to love Someone who'll love me too (love me too) The way you used to do (used to do) But each time I go out with someone new You walk by and I fall to pieces You walk by and I fall to pieces 
fame-David Bowie[SEP]Fame, makes a man take things over Fame, lets him loose, hard to swallow Fame, puts you there where things are hollow Fame Fame, it's not your brain, it's just the flame That burns your change to keep you insane Fame Fame, what you like is in the limo Fame, what you get is no tomorrow Fame, what you need you have to borrow Fame Fame, "Nein! It's mine!" is just his line To bind your time, it drives you to, crime Fame Could it be the best, could it be? Really be, really, babe? Could it be, my babe, could it, babe? Really, really? Is it any wonder I reject you first? Fame, fame, fame, fame Is it any wonder you are too cool to fool  Fame Fame, bully for you, chilly for me Got to get a rain check on pain Fame Fame, fame, fame, fame, fame, fame, fame, fame, fame, fame Fame, fame, fame, fame, fame, fame, fame, fame, fame, fame Fame, fame, fame Fame What's your name?  [whispered:]  Feeling so gay, feeling gay? Brings so much pain? 
the streak-Ray Stevens[SEP][Reporter:] Hello, everyone, this is your action news reporter with all the news that is news across the nation, on the scene at the supermarket. There seems to have been some disturbance here. Pardon me, sir, did you see what happened?  [Witness:] Yeah, I did. I's standin' overe there by the tomaters, and here he come, running through the pole beans, through the fruits and vegetables, nekkid as a jay bird. And I hollered over t' Ethel, I said, "Don't look, Ethel!" But it's too late, she'd already been incensed.  [Chorus:] Here he comes, look at that, look at that There he goes, look at that, look at that And he ain't wearin' no clothes  Oh yes, they call him the Streak (Look at that, look at that) Fastest thing on two feet (Look at that, look at that) He's just as proud as he can be Of his anatomy He goin' give us a peek  Oh, yes, they call him the Streak (Look at that, look at that) He likes to show off his physique (Look at that, look at that) If there's an audience to be found He'll be streakin' around Invitin' public critique  [Reporter:] This is your action news reporter once again and we're here at the gas station. Pardon me, sir, did you see what happened?  [Witness:] Yeah, I did. I's just in here gettin my car checked, he just appeared out of the traffic. Come streakin' around the grease rack there, didn't have nothin' on but a smile. I looked in there, and Ethel was gettin' her a cold drink. I hollered, "Don't look, Ethel!" But it was too late. She'd already been mooned. Flashed her right there in front of the shock absorbers.  [Chorus:] He ain't crude, look at that, look at that He ain't lewd, look at that, look at that He's just in the mood to run in the nude  Oh, yes, they call him the Streak (Look at that, look at that) He likes to turn the other cheek (Look at that, look at that) He's always makin' the news Wearin' just his tennis shoes Guess you could call him unique  [Reporter:] Once again, your action news reporter in the booth at the gym, covering the disturbance at the basketball playoff. Pardon me, sir, did you see what happened?  [Witness:] Yeah, I did. Half time, I's just goin' down thar to get Ethel a snow cone. And here he come, right out of the cheap seats, dribbling, right down the middle of the court. Didn't have on nothing but his PF's. Made a hook shot and got out through the concessions stand. I hollered up at Ethel, I said, "Don't look, Ethel!" But it was too late. She'd already got a free shot. Grandstandin', right there in front of the home team.  [Chorus:] Oh, yes, they call him the Streak (Look at that, look at that) The fastest thing on two feet (Look at that, look at that) He's just as proud as he can be Of his anatomy He's gonna give us a peek  [Witness:] Here he comes again. Who's that with him? Ethel?  Is that you, Ethel? What do you think you're doin'?  You git your clothes on!  [Chorus:] Oh, yes, they call him the Streak (Look at that, look at that) He likes to show off his physique (Look at that, look at that) If there's an audience to be found He'll be streakin' around Invitin' public critique  Ethel! Where you goin'? Ethel, you shameless hussy! Say it isn't so, Ethel! Ethelllllll!!! 
raise hell-Anthrax[SEP]I'm running I'm trying to break away It's getting heavy There's no way I can stay I'm going under It's burning up my mind Release the feeling I'm running out of time  Raise hell, raise hell, raise hell I'm on fire raise hell, raise hell, raise hell Can't hold back desire Only desire  I'm on the outside Always looking in You know the heats on Ready to begin And when I'm inside You stare into my eyes When it's over You see through my disguise  Raise hell, raise hell, raise hell I'm on fire Raise hell, raise hell, raise hell Can't hold back desire Only desire  Raise hell, raise hell, raise hell, raise hell Raise hell, raise hell, raise hell Can't hold back desire Only desire Raise hell 
anyplace but here-Anthrax[SEP]Beneath by breath you take still you're gasping for air miles and miles you move into abyss you stare running form the plight mighty grip it's hold and that hunger's hanging on but never to the fold with endurance as the earth behind you burns you can feel heat keep your will and never turn come on, follow closely come on, end this slavery come on, where you're going any place but here and you pray for more hope so this will run its course every day you move handcuffs they lose their force abandon all you know so destitution hides united in despair still makes it harder to divide With exhaustion as the earth behind you melts You can feel heat But your need for living fails A logical reason for being Is quickly drifting away People prove fiendishly greedy Each time you try to believe It's hard to be defiant There's ways to kill the giant Slaughtered by pins. 
lone justice-Anthrax[SEP]There's two kinds, of people in the world The outlaws, and the lawmen that prevail The bounty hunter's job is on the wrong side of the law Intentions, of the truth and nothing more  Burn'em, clear the streets as he rides into the town Cause the nameless one's gonna have some fun He's gonna bring an outlaw down Wasted, it's over quick he's nailed 'em three for three Then he with his squint-eyed grin and stubbled chin He rides through history The jury, in his mind the choices weigh The trials, if you're gulity you're his prey No judgement otherwise can change the lust That's in his eyes The sentence, will be carried out in stride  No name, like a shadow on a moonless night Real game, He'll be there to uphold Justice, law and order And you'll pay, the highest fee When the gunslinger takes his piece  The money, it's the price you have to pay When he calls, drop your eyes and look away The man has taken life to balance scales of wrong and right Existence, each day a moral fight. 
got the time-Anthrax[SEP]Wake up, got another day to get Through now, got another man to see Gotta call him on the telephone AY-O Gotta find a piece of paper Sit down, got another letter to write Think hard, gotta get a letter just right Little ringin' on the telephone oh no, Gotta write another letter  No such thing as tomorrow All we want, Two, three, go! Time, got the time tick tick tickin' in my head Time, got the time tick tick tickin' in my head Time, got the time tick tick tickin' in my head Tickin' in my head, tickin' in my head, tickin' in my head  If I, tell ya what I'm doing today Will you, shut up and get out of my way Someone ask me what the time is, I don't know Only know I gotta know now No time, tryin' ta get a watch repaired No time, never got a thing to wear Little ringin' on the telephone Oh no, hear a ringin' in my head now  No such thing as tomorrow All we want, Two, three, go! Time, got the time tick tick tickin' in my head Time, got the time tick tick tickin' in my head Time, got the time tick tick tickin' in my head Tickin' in my head, tickin' in my head, tickin' in my head  No such thing as tomorrow All we want, Two, three, go! Time, got the time tick tick tickin' in my head Time, got the time tick tick tickin' in my head Time, got the time tick tick tickin' in my head Tickin' in my head, tickin' in my head, tickin' in my head 
judas priest-Anthrax[SEP]Filthy with the knowledge I’m Planting seeds, spreading the disease Rip away, tear up the beans  Ravaged, it’s all so damaged You’re locked in  Disinter the ancient ways Deaf to all that dare to pray  Ravaged, never as savage And that’s the  Price you pay, open the door Find the monster, start the war  I’m bound to, bow down to  I am become Death, destroyer of worlds A menial place in this infinite swirl Your pitiful lives, and none more the wise The human condition is dropping like flies Unleashed is the beast, the worst of the least From sheer depraved evil like some Judas Priest Having his way, my canvas unfurled I am become Death, destroyer of worlds  Reign, reign The ending of yours has begun The ending of yours has begun  Who will stand with me in victory?  Chose to trust me better still You gave your eyes your own freewill Invulnerable, your boil conceit I’m leaving you stunned in defeat  Ravaged, so bloody ravaged You take this  Brutal beating at my hands Uncivilized my victory stands  Ravaged, never as savage And that’s the  Price you pay, open the door Find the monster, start the war  Screaming, rapid fire genocide Screaming, saints in Hell are running wild Rage, the prelude had begun Now your epitaph is sung  Pounding, monolithic fists of stone Pounding, on the sinner to atone Rage, the prelude had begun Now your epitaph is sung  I am become Death, destroyer of worlds A menial place in this infinite swirl Your pitiful lives, and none more the wise The human condition is dropping like flies Unleashed is the beast, the worst of the least From sheer depraved evil like some Judas Priest Having his way, my canvas unfurled I am become Death, destroyer of worlds  Reign, reign The ending of yours has begun The ending of yours has begun  If you look for a monster you’ll find one The ending for all has begun 
nothing-Anthrax[SEP]It's difficult for me to get a grip on what you mean When you stick your fingers in your ear and create another scene You always step into the traps set perfect in your path Busy going crazy over whose knife's in your back  Dive inside your blackest stare The one that's saving do you date Screaming that you're scared You the tallest soul With the shortest self-esteem Painted as the victim Who's split between the bearns  It doesn't seem to matter It's nothing Dead a dream is dying It's nothing Best friend I never had  Play me to the point of pushing me too far away I can only say whatever, ambivalent to your game You can pretend to the mirror, it's the lie you tell yourself And I won't walk on eggshells that's a dance for someone else  Dive inside your blackest stare The one that's saying do you dare Screaming that you're scared You the tallest soul With the shortest self-esteem Painted as the victim Who's split between the bearns  It doesn't seem to matter It's nothing Dead a dream is dying It's nothing Best friend I never had 
imitation of life-Anthrax[SEP][INTRO] There's nothing I hate more, than all these plastic people With all their plastic promises, and all their plastic deals They just can't be themselves, and live their own lives out They're just an imitation of what life's all about  "Because of me you are who you are So sign your name, and you'll go far I'm your friend, I think you should So sign your name, it's for your own good" HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU HEARD THIS TODAY ???  Some bogus piss-on saying "Let's do lunch babe" For them this bullshit, it's their whole life Cut through their bullshit with a knife IMITATION OF LIFE  [BRIDGE ONE] OOOOOOOOH, OOOOH, OH ANGER BURNS Whatever happened to the guy I knew A media creation, a monster grew Our story had an unhappy end But this could change, I still call him friend  "Take my advice, listen to me A great opportunity, can't you see I only want what's best for you The deal of a lifetime, what more can I do" HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU HEARD THIS TODAY ???  Some stupid sucker says "It's great, we luv ya babe" For them this bullshit, it's their whole life Cut through their bullshit with a knife IMITATION OF LIFE  [BRIDGE TWO:] OOOOOOOOH, OOOOH, OH ANGER BURNS Bands dress like women, with hairspray and lace I'd pass an image law, stick it in their face Let's see how long they keep dressing this way Wearing this image twenty four hours a day ...  [MOSH TALK PART] DID YOU EVER THINK FOR YOURSELF ?? JUST ONCE, DID YOU EVER THINK ?? THAT'S ALL I WANT TO KNOW  [MOSH CHORUS PART] IMITATION OF LIFE, Living out a lie You'll never be right, IMITATION OF LIFE WHY ARE YOU HERE ??, YOU'RE TAKING UP MY SPACE  The new imperfect race, IMITATION OF LIFE  [LEAD BREAK]  OOOOOOOOH, OOOOH, OH ANGER BURNS Whatever happened to the guy I knew A media creation, a monster grew Our story had an unhappy end But this could change, I still call him friend There's nothing I hate more Than all these plastic people With all their plastic promises And all their plastic deals They just can't be themselves And live their own lives out They're just an imitation Of what life's all about IMITATION OF LIFE 
grunt and click(2001 reissue bonus track)-Anthrax[SEP]It's not that I hate people I just feel better when they're not around It's not that I hate your world Keep pushing me and I'll stand my ground It's not that I hate you You'd have to kill me to take me down  Push me again Push me again  Find satisfaction on the island where I live Cause zombies only take, they don't have any life to give It's never been, will never be a picnic So step right up and pull your fucking reign again Slackety-slack, lack of inspiration Be the voice of a new generation  This is me Past the point of caring This is me Push me but I won't go Down down down down down  I don't need a license I know the drill  I hope you have a happy A happy fuckin' day La-la-la amuse yourself I won't get in the way  I just can't stand your apathetic motion As if you care showing your devotion Kicking and screaming, thinking that I meant it If I was dead I couldn't be more over it  Over and over and you wouldn't talk about it Over and over but you try to keep it down  This is me Past the point of caring This is me Push me but I won't go Down down down down down  I don't need a license I know the drill Question my silence Outlast it will  Outlast it Outlast it Outlast it Outlast it  Outlast it will Outlast it will Outlast it will Outlast it will  Outlast it will Outlast it will Outlast it will Outlast it will  Outlast it will Outlast it will Outlast it will Outlast it will  Outlast it will Outlast it will Outlast it will Outlast it will  Outlast it will Outlast it will Outlast it will Outlast it  I don't need a license I know the drill Question my silence Outlast it will  I don't need a license I am the drill Question my silence Outlast it will  Outlast it Outlast it Outlast it 
cupajoe-Anthrax[SEP]I really need a cup of coffee, go get me a cupajoe I really need a cup of coffee, go get me a cupajoe I really need a cup of coffee, go get me a cupajoe I really need a cup of coffee, go get me a cupajoe Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Black and strong! Black and strong!  I really need a cup of coffee, go get me a cupajoe I really need a cup of coffee, go get me a cupajoe I really need a cup of coffee, go get me a cupajoe I really need a cup of coffee, go get me a cupajoe Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Cupajoe, Black and strong! Black and strong! 
deathrider-Anthrax[SEP]Riding hard, high in the saddle Winged steed of unwearing flight Sweeping through air just like fire Swift of the foot, great of might  Hear the screams Feel the bite We ride with death Tonight  Here it comes You better hide Shoot the guns You're gonna die  Conquering all, spreading terror Hoofs gallop in thunderous pound Devouring the souls of the wretched Trampling them down to the ground  Gripping the reins of destruction Made of steel on his hands Holder of forces immortal Slaughtering all in his path 
hog tied-Anthrax[SEP]I have something I can reveal I get off on laughing It's like the biggest orgasm If you like I'll share it with you  When you give up yourself, you do it peacefully Then you feel no plight and you think you're free Give up yourself, give up yourself There goes your chivalry  From on top of the world, I'll throw you down a rope From on top of the world, I'll throw you down a rope  Hog tied to this life, I'm strapped up tight And I won't be no slave  I can't wait to get you back I need you back in my clutches If it takes a thousand punches By the end you'll be in stitches  When you give up yourself, you do it peacefully Then you feel no plight and you think you're free Give up yourself, give up yourself There goes your chivalry  From on top of the world, I'll throw you down a rope From on top of the world, I'll throw you down a rope Climb up if the noose ain't tied From on top of the world, I'll throw you down a rope From on top of the world, I'll throw you down a rope Climb up if the noose ain't tied  It won't disturb you, it's here to serve you Unlock the doubt, you'll find it's out, your rosetta stone Or you'll cut the line, and stifle time Slash your wrist and kiss your crippled bones  When you give up yourself, you do it peacefully Then you feel no plight and you think you're free Give up yourself, give up yourself There goes your chivalry  From on top of the world, I'll throw you down a rope From on top of the world, I'll throw you down a rope Climb up if the noose ain't tied From on top of the world, I'll throw you down a rope From on top of the world, I'll throw you down a rope Climb up if the noose ain't tied 
out of sight, out of mind-Anthrax[SEP]You've got nothing to say We can't hear you anyway Your unconscious, wake up Smell the coffee, catch the next bus You don't hear it, not there Haven't seen it anywhere Ignorance is bliss Before you did we exist  Don't even think about anything Don't even think about anything Tell me something I don't know How'd you get this job you own I think that...  All you need is a, all you need is a, All you need is a, all you need is a face!  Out of sight,  out of mind It was yours but now it's mine Take a riff,  take a line Out of sight,  out of mind Don't even think about anything Out of sight,  out of mind You can't see but you're not blind  What's your purpose, in life What the hell gives you the right to Take what's been done, before Change the name and make it yours, Oh Yes you made your statement Do you have to be so blatant Your so conscious, image With a gun you'd do no damage  Don't even think about anything Don't even think about anything Tell me something I don't know How'd you get this job you own I think that...  All you need is a, all you need is a, All you need is a, all you need is a face!  Out of sight, out of mind It was yours but now it's mine Take a riff, take a line Out of sight, out of mind Don't even think about anything Out of sight, out of mind You can't see but you're not blind  Stupid, dumb, idiot, moron, you really make me sick  Take your head out from up your ass Right here, right now but it won't last No it won't  Out of sight, out of mind It was yours but now it's mine Take a riff, take a line Out of sight,  out of mind Stupid,  dumb,  idiot,  moron Out of sight,  out of mind You can't see but you're not blind  [CHORUS] 
this is not an exit-Anthrax[SEP]I know I'll never be free Change doesn't come easy And if I'll never be free You'll live in hell with me  Fear, a contradiction Co-existence, darkness brought to light My own skin don't seem to fit me right Pain is my way, of self expression A fatal choice that always hangs above Love what I kill, kill what I love  I run, you run, you stop and then you take it I run, you run, I stop and then you get it I run, you run, you stop and then you take it I run, you run, I stop and then you get it  From me, The one who's giant steps ahead of where you'd be What you don't see I know I'll never save myself Dying from this immortality  This is not an exit I can never change it This is not an exit It's no way  Out, out of touch with Mortal thoughts, humanity's a dream Things are not what they seem Hungry for you, but not to hurt you Hunger for the secret of your life I'm a timeless clock and you kill time  This is not an exit I can never change it You stop and then you take it I stop and I can't fake it This is not an exit  Pain is my way of self expression A fatal choice hangs above Love what I kill, kill what I love Love...  This is not an exit This is not an exit I can never change it This is not an exit Hand over fist Come and taste my dark trick Hand over fist Kill you when I give it This is not an exit This is not an exit I can never change it 
soldiers of metal-Anthrax[SEP]We are fighting for your lives Oooh, we are the soldiers in the line of fire  Down in the trenches we wait for the night The time is approaching We're ready to strike  We'll stop at nothing There's no holding back Born to raise hell We will attack  Pounding away Tearing through flesh Soldiers of metal Fight to the death  Blasting the cannons Shaking the ground Hacking and killing We're not fooling around  Warriors in battle All dressed in black A slash and a thrust A stab in the back  The rages of fury The cause of the fight We're soldiers of metal And we rule the night 
i am the law-Anthrax[SEP]Fifteen years in the academy He was like no cadet they'd ever seen A man so hard, his veins bleed ice And when he speaks he never says it twice They call him Judge, his last name is Dredd So break the law, and you may wind up dead Truth and justice are what he's fighting for Judge Dredd the man, he is the law DROKK IT  With his gun and bike he rules the streets And every perp he meets will taste defeat Not even Death can overcome his might Cause Dredd and Anderson, they won the fight When the Sov's started the Apocalypse war And Mega-city was bombed to the floor Dredd resisted, and the judges fought back And crushed the Sov's with their counter-attack DROKK IT  [PRE-CHORUS:] Respect the badge - he earned it with his blood Fear the gun - your sentence may be death because ...  [CHORUS:] I AM THE LAW And you won't fuck around no more - I AM THE LAW I judge the rich, I judge the poor - I AM THE LAW Commit a crime I'll lock the door - I AM THE LAW Because in Mega-City ... I AM THE LAW  In the cursed earth where mutants dwell There is no law, it's just a living hell Anarchy and chaos as the blood runs red But this would change if it was up to Dredd The book of law is the bible to him And any crime committed is a sin He keeps the peace whith his law-giver Judge, jury, and executioner DROKK IT  [REPEAT PRE-CHORUS] [REPEAT CHORUS]  [BRIDGE:] CRIME - the ultimate sin Your Iso-Cube is waiting when he brings you in LAW - it's what he stands for Crime's his only enemy and he's going to war  [LEAD BREAK]  [REPEAT BRIDGE] [REPEAT PRE-CHORUS] [REPEAT CHORUS] 
subjugator-Anthrax[SEP]Out in the streets We're fighting tonight We're dirty and mean So run for you lives  We stand side by side With our fists in the air We live for the night On the razor's edge  Unleashing the sound Lashing out, striking down All those who stand in the way  Taking their lives Crushing them just like flies The cries of the wounded in pain  Fighting the fight As we race through the night With power like never before  Hammering, bashing them, Pounding and smashing them Hard so we won't take a fall  Like a raging inferno We'll torture and burn (you) Up in a sea of flame  We'll beat you and whip you Of honor, we'll strip you Down on your knees and beg  We're fighting it out till the end We're living our lives for the sins 
king size-Anthrax[SEP]I want to be part of the program I want to be part of the whole damn thing I say, minimum effort, maximum gain From the inside out it all looks the same Making me feel stronger Making me feel like The Hulk I'll be King Size  Here it is, I'll stake my claim and I'll be first to warn you Here it is, I think the devil lives in California  Check out the freak I'm laughing Excuse me are you talking to me ? I say, minimum effort, maximum gain From the inside out it all looks the same Making me feel harder Making me feel like The Hulk I'll be King Size  Here it is, I'll stake my claim and I'll be first to warn you Here it is, I think the devil lives in California  I'm on a mission, I'm on a mission For my survival, my king size position I'm on a mission, in my condition Outside my world I know there's No place like home I'm on a mission, my king size position Outside my world I know there's No place like home I can't stop my life from crashing Out of control, I'm out of control Nothing to fear but fear itself and me  I, I'd never sell my soul I never did a god-damn thing 'cause I'd never sell my soul for something that's free Minimum effort, maximum gain From the inside out it all looks the same Nothing to fear but fear itself and, Nothing to fear but fear itself and, Check out the freak and I'm still laughing Nothing to fear but fear itself and me  Here it is, I'll stake my claim and I'll be first to warn you Here it is, I think the devil lives in California 
armed and dangerous-Anthrax[SEP]Trapped up inside here, like lions in a cage I've been a mark of injustice Bound by these chains Can't find a reason, I'm on my own My destiny waits for a sign from me I'm leaving alone  I'm out on my way now It's been so many years The chase is my lifeblood I have no more fears  Fire, burns in my veins Anger, shows on my face Hatred, it poisons my soul Look out, I'm about to explode  Evil ones try to destroy us We're armed and prepared for attack We'll take on the world with the rebellion We're dangerous down to the last  Armed and dangerous  Am I evil, or am I insane The lion inside of me, is no longer tame A blade in my left, a gun in my right to beat you within, an inch of your life 
indians-Anthrax[SEP]We all see black and white When it comes to someone else's fight No one ever gets involved Apathy can never solve  [BRIDGE:] FORCED OUT - Brave and mighty STOLEN LAND - They can't fight it HOLD ON - To pride and tradition Even though they know how much their lives are really missin' WE'RE DISSIN' THEM ...  [PRE-CHORUS:] On reservation A hopeless situation  Respect is something that you earn Our Indian brother's getting burned Original American Turned into, second class citizen  [REPEAT BRIDGE] [REPEAT PRE-CHORUS]  [CHORUS:] Cry for the Indians Die for the Indians Cry for the Indians Cry, Cry, Cry for the Indians  Love the land and fellow man Peace is what we strive to have Some folks have none of this Hatred and prejudice  [REPEAT BRIDGE] [REPEAT PRE-CHORUS] [REPEAT CHORUS]  [MOSH PART] [WARDANCE] TERRITORY, It's just the body of the nation The people that inhabit it make its configuration PREJUDICE, Something we all can do without Cause a flag of many colors is what this land's all about  [LEAD BREAK]  [REPEAT FIRST VERSE] [REPEAT BRIDGE] [REPEAT PRE-CHORUS] [REPEAT CHORUS] 
gung-ho-Anthrax[SEP]Striking down the enemy Fighting hand to hand Troops are thrusting onwards Time to take command Ready to devour On the attack Bodies lie dismembered Maimed, killed, and hacked  Draw fast, cut first Live hard, die hard Feel the point of the blade  Lunging like an animal, killing all in sight Going for the throat, living for the fight In a bath of bloodshed, mixing with the sweat Crawling through the barbwire, put it to the test  Fight, fight fight Fight, fight fighting the war Gung-Ho, Gung-Ho, Gung-Ho  Raging on the warpath, storming through the town Blowing it to pieces, killing all around Stand in our way, if you've got the balls In a hail of bullets, your nailed to the wall  We wait out the day, we burn in the sun We move in by night, and kill everyone Show no emotions, have no regrets Made to take pain, no fear of death 
i'll never fall in love again-Tom Jones[SEP]I've been in love so many times Thought I knew the score But now you've treated me so wrong I can't take anymore And it looks like I'm never gonna fall in love again Fall in love, I'm never gonna fall in love I mean it Fall in love again All those things I heard about you I thought they were only lies But when I caught you in his arms I just broke down and cried And it looks like I'm never gonna fall in love again Fall in love, no, I'm never gonna fall in love I mean it, I mean it Fall in love again I gave my heart so easily I cast aside my pride But when you fell for someone else, baby I broke up all inside And it looks like <sob> I'm never gonna fall in love again That's why I'm a-singin' it Fall in love, no, I'm never gonna fall in love Please don't make me Fall in love again 
un-break my heart-Toni Braxton[SEP]Don't leave me in all this pain Don't leave me out in the rain Come back and bring back my smile Come and take these tears away I need your arms to hold me now The nights are so unkind Bring back those nights when I held you beside me  Un-break my heart Say you'll love me again Undo this hurt you caused When you walked out the door And walked out of my life Un-cry these tears I cried so many nights Un-break my heart My heart  Take back that sad word good-bye Bring back the joy to my life Don't leave me here with these tears Come and kiss this pain away I can't forget the day you left Time is so unkind And life is so cruel without you here beside me  Un-break my heart Say you'll love me again Undo this hurt you caused When you walked out the door And walked out of my life Un-cry these tears I cried so many nights Un-break my heart  Don't leave me in all this pain Don't leave me out in the rain Bring back the nights when I held you beside me  Un-break my heart Say you'll love me again Undo this hurt you caused When you walked out the door And walked out of my life Un-cry these tears I cried so many, many nights Un-break my  Un-break my heart oh baby Come back and say you love me Un-break my heart Sweet darlin' Without you I just can't go on  (Say that you love me Say that you love me Tell me you love me Un-break my...) Can't go on (Say that you love me Say that you love me Tell me you love me Un-break my Say that you love me Say that you love me Tell me you love me Un-break my Say that you love me Say that you love me) 
hips don't lie-Shakira[SEP]Ladies up in here tonight No fighting, no fighting We got the refugees up in here No fighting, no fighting  Shakira, Shakira  I never really knew that she could dance like this She makes a man wants to speak Spanish Como se llama (sí), bonita (sí), mi casa (sí, Shakira Shakira), su casa Shakira, Shakira  Oh baby when you talk like that You make a woman go mad So be wise and keep on Reading the signs of my body  And I'm on tonight You know my hips don't lie And I'm starting to feel it's right All the attraction, the tension Don't you see baby, this is perfection  Hey Girl, I can see your body moving And it's driving me crazy And I didn't have the slightest idea Until I saw you dancing  And when you walk up on the dance floor Nobody cannot ignore the way you move your body, girl And everything so unexpected - the way you right and left it So you can keep on shaking it  I never really knew that she could dance like this She makes a man want to speak Spanish Como se llama (sí), bonita (sí), mi casa (sí, Shakira Shakira), su casa Shakira, Shakira  Oh baby when you talk like that You make a woman go mad So be wise and keep on Reading the signs of my body  And I'm on tonight You know my hips don't lie And I am starting to feel you boy Come on lets go, real slow Don't you see baby así es perfecto  Oh I know I am on tonight my hips don't lie And I am starting to feel it's right All the attraction, the tension Don't you see baby, this is perfection Shakira, Shakira  Oh boy, I can see your body moving Half animal, half man I don't, don't really know what I'm doing But you seem to have a plan My will and self restraint Have come to fail now, fail now See, I am doing what I can, but I can't so you know That's a bit too hard to explain  Baila en la calle de noche Baila en la calle de día  Baila en la calle de noche Baila en la calle de día  I never really knew that she could dance like this She makes a man want to speak Spanish Como se llama (sí), bonita (sí), mi casa (sí, Shakira Shakira), su casa Shakira, Shakira  Oh baby when you talk like that You know you got me hypnotized So be wise and keep on Reading the signs of my body  Señorita, feel the conga, let me see you move like you come from Colombia  Mira en Barranquilla se baila así, say it! Mira en Barranquilla se baila así  Yeah She's so sexy every man's fantasy a refugee like me back with the Fugees from a 3rd world country I go back like when 'pac carried crates for Humpty Humpty I need a whole club dizzy Why the CIA wanna watch us? Colombians and Haitians I ain't guilty, it's a musical transaction No more do we snatch ropes Refugees run the seas 'cause we own our own boats  I'm on tonight, my hips don't lie And I'm starting to feel you boy Come on let's go, real slow Baby, like this is perfecto  Oh, you know I am on tonight and my hips don't lie And I am starting to feel it's right The attraction, the tension Baby, like this is perfection  No fighting No fighting 
brand new key-Melanie[SEP]I rode my bicycle past your window last night I roller skated to your door at daylight It almost seems like you're avoiding me I'm okay alone, but you got something I need  Well, I got a brand new pair of roller skates You got a brand new key I think that we should get together and try them out you see I been looking around awhile You got something for me Oh! I got a brand new pair of roller skates You got a brand new key  I ride my bike, I roller skate, don't drive no car Don't go too fast, but I go pretty far For somebody who don't drive I been all around the world Some people say, I done all right for a girl  Well, I got a brand new pair of roller skates You got a brand new key I think that we should get together and try them out you see I been looking around awhile You got something for me Oh! I got a brand new pair of roller skates You got a brand new key  I asked your mother if you were at home She said, yes... but you weren't alone Oh, sometimes I think that you're avoiding me I'm okay alone, but you've got something I need  Well, I got a brand new pair of roller skates You got a brand new key I think that we should get together and try them out to see La la la la la la la la, la la la la la la Oh! I got a brand new pair of roller skates You got a brand new key 
crimson and clover-Tommy James and the Shondells[SEP]Oh Now I don't hardly know her But I think I could love her Crimson and clover  Ah I wish she'd come walking over Now I've been waiting to show her Crimson and clover Over and over  Yes (da-da, da-da, da-da) My my, such a sweet thing (da-da, da-da, da-da) I want to do everything (da-da, da-da, da-da) What a beautiful feeling (da-da, da-da, da-da) Crimson and clover (da-da, da-da, da-da) Over and over  Crimson and clover, over and over Crimson and clover, over and over Crimson and clover, over and over Crimson and clover, over and over Crimson and clover, over and over Crimson and clover, over and over 
le freak-Chic[SEP](One, two)  Ah, freak out! Le freak, c'est Chic Freak out!  Ah, freak out! Le freak, c'est Chic Freak out!  Have you heard about the new dance craze? Listen to us, I'm sure you'll be amazed Big fun to be had by everyone It's up to you, it surely can be done  Young and old are doing it, I'm told Just one try, and you too will be sold It's called le freak, they're doing it night and day Allow us, we'll show you the way  Ah, freak out! Le freak, c'est Chic Freak out!  All that pressure got you down Has your head spinning all around Feel the rhythm, check the rhyme Come on along and have a real good time  Like the days of stomping at the Savoy Now we freak, oh, what a joy Just come on down, two 54 Find a spot out on the floor  Ah, freak out! Le freak, c'est Chic Freak out!  Now freak!  I said freak!  Now freak!  All that pressure got you down Has your head spinning all around Feel the rhythm, check the ride Come on along and have a real good time  Like the days of stomping at the Savoy Now we freak, oh, what a joy Just come on down, two 54 Find a spot out on the floor  Ah, freak out! Le freak, c'est Chic Freak out!  Ah, freak out! Le freak, c'est Chic Freak out! 
counting stars-OneRepublic[SEP]Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But, baby, I've been, I've been praying hard Said no more counting dollars We'll be counting stars Yeah, we'll be counting stars  I see this life like a swinging vine Swing my heart across the line In my face is flashing signs Seek it out and ye shall find  Old but I'm not that old Young but I'm not that bold And I don't think the world is sold On just doing what we're told  I feel something so right by doing the wrong thing And I feel something so wrong by doing the right thing  I couldn't lie, couldn't lie, couldn't lie Every thing that kills me makes me feel alive  Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But, baby, I've been, I've been praying hard Said no more counting dollars We'll be counting stars  Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But, baby, I've been, I've been praying hard Said no more counting dollars We'll be—we'll be counting stars  I feel the love And I feel it burn Down this river every turn Hope is our four-letter word Make that money, watch it burn  Old but I'm not that old Young but I'm not that bold And I don't think the world is sold On just doing what we're told  And I feel something so wrong by doing the right thing I couldn't lie, couldn't lie, couldn't lie Every thing that drowns me makes me wanna fly  Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But, baby, I've been, I've been praying hard Said no more counting dollars We'll be counting stars  Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But, baby, I've been, I've been praying hard Said no more counting dollars We'll be—we'll be counting stars  Oh, take that money watch it burn Sink in the river the lessons I've learned Take that money watch it burn Sink in the river the lessons I've learned Take that money watch it burn Sink in the river the lessons I've learned Take that money watch it burn Sink in the river the lessons I've learned  Every thing that kills me makes me feel alive  Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But, baby, I've been, I've been praying hard Said no more counting dollars We'll be counting stars  Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But, baby, I've been, I've been praying hard Said no more counting dollars We'll be—we'll be counting stars  Take that money watch it burn Sink in the river the lessons I've learned Take that money watch it burn Sink in the river the lessons I've learned Take that money watch it burn Sink in the river the lessons I've learned Take that money watch it burn Sink in the river the lessons I've learned 
omg-Usher[SEP][Will.i.am:] Oh, my gosh Baby let me I did it again, so I'mma let the beat drop Oh, my  Baby let me love you down There's so many ways to love ya Baby I can break you down There's so many ways to love ya Got me like, "Oh, my gosh. I'm so in love." I found you finally, you make me wanna say Oh, oh , oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, my gosh  You make me wanna say Oh, oh , oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  I fell in love with shorty when I seen her on the dance floor She was dancing sexy, pop, pop, popping, dropping, dropping low Never ever has a lady hit me on the first sight This was something special; this was just like dynamite  Honey got a booty like pow, pow, pow Honey got some boobies like wow, oh wow Girl you know I'm loving your—loving your style Check, check, check, check, check, checking you out like Oh (oh) she got it all Sexy from her head to toe And I want it all, it all, it all  Baby let me love you down There's so many ways to love ya Baby I can break you down There's so many ways to love ya  Got me like, "Oh, my gosh. I'm so in love." I found you finally, you make me wanna say Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, my gosh  You make me wanna say Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh You make me wanna say Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  [Will.i.am:] Feel so hard for honey out of all the girls up in this club This one got me whipped, just off one look, yep I fell in love This one something special, this one just like dynamite You're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're out of sight  Fell in love with honey like my, oh my Honey looking wonderful; fly, so fly Honey like a supermodel; my, oh my Baby, how you do that make a grown man cry?  Oh (oh) baby, you got it all Sexy from her head to the toe And I want it all, it all, it all  So, honey let me love you down There's so many ways to love ya Baby, I can break it down There's so many ways to love ya  Got me like, "Oh, my gosh. I'm so in love." I found you finally, you make me wanna say Oh, oh , oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, my gosh!  Oh, my gosh Oh, my Oh, my Oh, oh, my gosh  [Will.i.am:] Oh, my gosh I did it again So I'mma let the beat drop  [Usher:] Oh, oh, oh, my Oh, oh, oh, my, my, my, my, my, my Oh, my gosh Oh, oh, oh, my Oh, oh, oh, my, my, my, my, my, my Oh, my gosh Oh, oh, oh, my Oh, oh, oh, my, my, my, my, my, my Oh, my gosh 
burn-Usher[SEP]I don't understand, why? See, it's burning me to hold onto this I know this is something I gotta do But that don't mean I want to What I'm trying to say is that I love you I just—I feel like this is coming to an end And it's better for me to let it go now than hold on and hurt you I gotta let it burn  It's gonna burn for me to say this But it's coming from my heart It's been a long time coming But we done been fell apart Really wanna work this out But I don't think you're gonna change ya I do, but you don't Think it's best we go our separate ways  Tell me why I should stay in this relationship When I'm hurting baby? I ain't happy baby Plus there's so many other things I gotta deal with I think that you should let it burn  When your feeling ain't the same And your body don't want to But you know Gotta let it go 'Cause the party ain't jumpin' like it used to Even though this might bruise you Let it burn Let it burn Gotta let it burn  Deep down you know it's best for yourself But you hate the thought of her being with someone else But you know that it's over You know it was through Let it burn Let it burn Gotta let it burn  Sendin' pages I ain't supposed to Got somebody here but I want you 'Cause the feeling ain't the same Find myself callin' her your name Ladies tell me do you understand? Now all my fellas do you feel my pain? It's the way I feel I know I made a mistake Now it's too late I know she ain't coming back  What I gotta do now To get my shorty back Man I don't know what I'm gonna do Without my boo You've been gone for too long It's been fifty-eleven days, um-teen hours I'mma be burnin' 'til you return (let it burn)  When your feeling ain't the same And your body don't want to But you know Gotta let it go 'Cause the party ain't jumpin' like it used to Even though this might bruise you Let it burn (let it burn, let it burn, you gon' learn) Let it burn (gotta let it burn) Gotta let it burn  Deep down you know it's best for yourself But you hate the thought of her being with someone else But you know that it's over You know it was through Let it burn Let it burn Gotta let it burn  I'm twisted 'cause one side of me is tellin' me that I need to move on On the other side I wanna break down and cry I'm twisted 'cause one side of me is tellin' me that I need to move on On the other side I wanna break down and cry  Can you feel me burning?  Too many days, so many hours I'm still burnin' 'til you return (let it burn)  When your feeling ain't the same And your body don't want to But you know Gotta let it go 'Cause the party ain't jumpin' like it used to Even though this might bruise you Let it burn Let it burn Gotta let it burn  Deep down you know it's best for yourself But you hate the thought of her being with someone else But you know that it's over You know it was through Let it burn Let it burn Gotta let it burn 
yeah!-Usher[SEP][Usher:] Peace up! A-town down!  [Lil' Jon:] Yeah, yeah! OK!  Usher! Usher! Usher! Usher!  [Lil' Jon:] Lil' Jon!  [Usher:] Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Yeah!  Let's go  [Usher:] Up in the club with my homies, tryna get a lil' V-I Keep it down on the low key (low key) 'Cause you know how it feels I saw shorty she was checkin' up on me From the game she was spittin' in my ear You would think that she knew me So we decided to chill OK  Conversation got heavy She had me feelin' like she's ready to blow! (Watch out! Oh! Watch out!) She's saying, "Come get me! Come get me." So I got up and followed her to the floor She said, "Baby, let's go." Let's go When I told her I said  [Usher:] Yeah (yeah), shorty got down low and said come and get me Yeah (yeah), I got so caught up I forgot she told me Yeah (yeah), her and my girl used to be the best of homies Yeah (yeah), next thing I knew she was all up on me screaming  Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Yeah!  [Usher:] So she's all up in my head now Got me thinking that it might be a good idea to take her with me 'Cause she's ready to leave (ready to leave now) Let's go And I gotta keep it real now 'Cause on a one to ten she's a certified twenty But that just ain't me  'Cause I don't know If I take that chance just where's it gonna lead But what I do know Is the way she dance make shorty alright with me The way she (get low!) I'm like yeah, just work that out for me She asked for one more dance And I'm like yeah, how the hell am I supposed to leave? (Let's go, bring the beat back!) And I said  [Usher:] Yeah (yeah), shorty got down low and said come and get me Yeah (yeah), I got so caught up I forgot she told me Yeah (yeah), her and my girl used to be the best of homies Yeah (yeah), next thing I knew she was all up on me screaming:  Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Yeah!  [Lil' Jon:] Hey, Luda!  [Ludacris:] Watch out! My outfit's ridiculous In the club lookin' so conspicuous And roar! These women all on the prowl If you hold the head steady I'mma milk the cow  And forget about game, I'mma spit the truth, what I won't stop 'til I get 'em in their birthday suits So gimme the rhythm and it'll be off with their clothes, then bend over to the front and touch your toes  I left the Jag and I took the Rolls If they ain't cutting then I put em on foot patrol (let's go!)  How you like me now When my pinky's valued over three hundred thousand Let's drink you the one to please Ludacris fill cups like double Ds  Me and Ush once more and we leaves 'em dead We want a lady in the street but a freak in the bed that say  [Usher:] Yeah (yeah), shorty got down low and said come and get me Yeah (yeah), I got so caught up I forgot she told me Yeah (yeah), her and my girl used to be the best of homies Yeah (yeah), next thing I knew she was all up on me screaming:  Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Yeah!  [Ludacris:] Take that rewind it back, Lil' Jon got the beat that make your booty go Take that rewind it back, Usher got the voice to make your booty go Take that rewind it back, Ludacris got the flow to make your booty go Take that rewind it back, Lil' Jon got the beat that make your booty go 
believe-Cher[SEP]After love, after love [repeat]  No matter how hard I try You keep pushing me aside And I can't break through There's no talking to you  It's so sad that you're leaving It takes time to believe it But after all is said and done You're gonna be the lonely one Oh, oh  Do you believe in life after love? I can feel something inside me say, "I really don't think you're strong enough, no." Do you believe in life after love? I can feel something inside me say, "I really don't think you're strong enough, no."  What am I supposed to do? Sit around and wait for you? Well, I can't do that There's no turning back  I need time to move on I need love to feel strong 'Cause I've had time to think it through And maybe I'm too good for you Oh, oh  Do you believe in life after love? I can feel something inside me say, "I really don't think you're strong enough, no." Do you believe in life after love? I can feel something inside me say, "I really don't think you're strong enough, no."  Well, I know that I'll get through this 'Cause I know that I am strong I don't need you anymore Oh, I don't need you anymore I don't need you anymore No, I don't need you anymore  Do you believe in life after love? I can feel something inside me say, "I really don't think you're strong enough, no." Do you believe in life after love? I can feel something inside me say, "I really don't think you're strong enough, no."  Do you believe in life after love? I can feel something inside me say, "I really don't think you're strong enough, no." Do you believe in life after love? I can feel something inside me say, "I really don't think you're strong enough, no." 
baby, please don't go-Aerosmith[SEP]Baby please don't go Baby please don't go Baby please don't go down to New Orleans You know I love you so Before I be your dog Before I be your dog Before I be your dog I get you way'd out here and let you walk alone  Turn your lamp down low Turn your lamp down low Turn your lamp down low I beg you all night long baby please don't go  You brought me way down here You brought me way down here You brought me way down here 'Bout to Rolling Forks you treat me like a dog  Baby please don't go Baby please don't go Baby please don't go back the New Orleans I beg you all night long  Before I be your dog Before I be your dog Before I be your dog I get you way'd out here and let you walk alone  You know your man down gone You know your man down gone You know your man down gone To the country farm with all the shackles on 
pink-Aerosmith[SEP]Pink it's my new obsession Pink it's not even a question, Pink on the lips of your lover, 'cause Pink is the love you discover  Pink as the bing on your cherry Pink 'cause you are so very Pink it's the color of passion 'Cause today it just goes with the fashion  Pink it was love at first sight Pink when I turn out the light, and Pink gets me high as a kite And I think everything is going to be all right No matter what we do tonight  You could be my flamingo 'Coz pink is the new kinda lingo Pink like a deco umbrella It's kink - but you don't ever tell her  Pink it was love at first sight, and Pink when I turn out the light Pink gets me high as a kite And I think everything is going to be all right No matter what we do tonight  I want to be your lover I wanna wrap you in rubber As pink as the sheets that we lay on Pink it's my favorite crayon, yeah  Pink it was love at first sight Pink when I turn out the light Pink it's like red but not quite And I think everything is going to be all right No matter what we do tonight 
my girl-Aerosmith[SEP]my girl, she breathes hellfire and my girl, she feeds my desire my girl Sadie she's the wind in my sails a puss n' boots lady with a cat o' nine tails comin' after you honey, feet don't fail me now my girl, she's bareback rider and my girl, she's Lady Godiva she's a full-time lover no mon ami sweeter than honey from a honey bee and it all rubs off on little old me-oh-my slippin' in and out of love (4x) my girl, she smokes barbed wire and my girl can't get no higher I made it with the lady with the one-track mind diamonds in the rough they're so hard to find day after day, the same old grind and grind and ... my girl [8x] my girl 
st. john-Aerosmith[SEP]John was bad He gave it everything he had John he prayed For all the people ever made John was cool He never did no after school  Late at night when he praised the Lord He laid his hands down upon the sword  Lay down upon the sword Lay down upon the sword Lay down upon the sword Lay down your bloody sword  John St. John be cool Tell the people they'll follow you John St. John be cool Tell the people they'll follow you  Late at night when he praised the Lord He lay his hands down upon the bloody sword Laid down upon the sword, down, down, down upon the sword Laid down upon the sword, gettin' down upon the sword Laid down upon the sword, laid down upon the sword Laid down upon the sword, "Late Night TV Roared" 
same old song and dance-Aerosmith[SEP]get yourself cooler, lay yourself low coincidental murder, with nothing to show with the judge, constipation will go to his head and his wife's aggravation, you're soon enough dead  it's the same old story, same old song and dance, my friend it's the same old story, same old song and dance, my friend  gotcha with the cocaine they found with your gun [alt: shady lookin' loser, you played with my gun] no smoothy face laywer to getcha undone say love ain't the same on the south side of town you could look, but you ain't gonna find it around  it's the same old story, same old song and dance, my friend it's the same old story, same old story same old song and dance  fate comes a-knockin', doors start lockin' your old time connection, change your direction ain't gonna change it, can't rearrange it can't stand the pain when it's all the same to you, my friend  when you're low down and dirty, from walkin' the street with your old hurdy-gurdy, no one to meet say love ain't the same, on the south side of town you could look, but you ain't gonna find it around 
lover alot-Aerosmith[SEP]Ah don't you know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know, don't you know what you got I even know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know that she loves you a lot Ah don't you know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know, don't you know what you got I even know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know, don't you know, don't you?  Ah there's a chill in the summer time air You get a thrill from the smell of her hair You get high from the taste of her wet It's certified, but but, but you ain't getting there yet Still can't forgive but baby cut me some slack Still got a feel you ain't never coming back You don't want the karma but you won't commit You'll be spanking your monkey when she's all up in your sh*t  Ah don't you know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know, don't you know what you got I even know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know that she loves you a lot Ah don't you know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know, don't you know what you got I even know that she loves you a lot I know you do cause I told you  Is that your girl in a lily white dress How come she's so fucking passive-agress I hear you say with your adorable tongue And that you just don't care how especially yeah While the night is still young Still you raise your imagination Do that ration, generation, single patience Contamination, suffocation  Don't you know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know, don't you know what you got I even know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know, don't you know that she's hot Why don't you know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know, don't you know what you got I even know that she loves you a lot I know you do because  Ah don't you know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know, don't you know what you got? I even know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know, don't you know that she's hot Ah don't you know that she loves you a lot Why don't you know, don't you know what you got I even know that she loves you a lot Ah don't you know, don't you know, don't you know what you got 
luv lies-Aerosmith[SEP]ahh when you cross that line that you know you cant erase to fall in lust not love aint no sin at all and tell me when your with your bestfriends friend do you still feel out of place no thanks I took that ride God only knows I tried believing I imagine everyone sometimes would cross their heart & hope to die to tell I love you lies I imagine everyone survives for giving up all that you got to tell I love you lies  the first time you look for love you find you dont know jack yeah so much for my ? you play to win cause first you lose your hearts desire then you get it back but in ??? place theres so much more behind the kiss I'm feeling  I imagine everyone sometimes will cross their heart & hope to die to tell I love you lies I imagine everyone survives for giving up all that you got to tell I love you lies  When lonliness & paranoia feeds me god help the person who needs me If ignorance is bliss than take me off the list I'm needing  I imagine everyone sometimes will cross their heart & hope to die to tell I love you lies I imagine everyone survives for giving up all that you got to tell I love you lies 
toys in the attic-Aerosmith[SEP]in the attic lights voices scream nothin' seen real's the dream leaving the things that are real behind leaving the things that you love from mind all of the things that you learned from fears nothin' is left for the years  [repeat chorus]  toys, toys, toys in the attic 
fever-Aerosmith[SEP]I got a rip in my pants and a hole in my brand new shoes I got a Margarita nose and a breath full of Mad Dog Booze  [Chorus:] I got the fever, fever, fever, fever  Yeah, they threw me outa jail I tell ya it ain't fair I tried to kiss the judge from the electrica' chair Yeah we're all here cause we're not all there tonight....  The guitar's cranked and the bass man's blown a fuse And when the whole gang bangs tell me then what's you're excuse? [Chorus]  Fever gives ya lust with an appetite It hits ya like the fangs from a rattlesnake bite We're all here cause we're not all there tonight!  We can't run away from trouble There ain't no place that far But if we do it right at the speed of light There's the back seat of my car, caviar  I was feelin' so high I forgot what day Now I'm feelin low down even slow seems way too fast And now the booze don't work and the drugs ran out of gas [Chorus]  The buzz that you be gettin' from the crack don't last I'd rather be O.D.in' on the crack of her ass Yeah we're all here cause we're not all there tonight  My first time ever lover We fell asleep out on the lawn And when I woke up I was all alone Makin' love to the Crack of Dawn So yo, I beg yo pardon sir The gangster of love rides again [Chorus]  Fever may be Hell and a cross to bear As long as I'm in heaven honey I don't care You look so good baby look so fine I tell you you're the image of the perfect crime You gets so tired holdin' on so tight If you think you're goin' crazy well you may be right Yeah, we're all here 'cause we're not all there, that's right! 
adam's apple-Aerosmith[SEP]back when Cain was able way before the stable lighting struck right down from the sky a mother ship with fate said let's give it a try conscience was related man he was created lady luck took him by surprise a sweet and bitter fruit it surely opened his eyes well she ate it lordy it was love at first bite well she ate it never knowin wrong from right  even Eve in Eden voices tried deceiving with lies that showed the lady the way at first she stopped turned and tried to walk away man he was believer lady was deceiver so the story goes but you see that snake was he she just climbed right up his tree  [chorus]  evil came like rainin' who knows who's to blamin' something tried to lay her to waste and all she want and need was just a little taste..  [chorus] 
jailbait-Aerosmith[SEP]Take me, take me Take me outside and maybe Baby, take me Take me, take me, take me...  Take it or leave it on a Saturday night If what you see is what you get then gimmie me a bite Here are lots of ladies, they is real insecure Leave it to the boys and the fool on the hill Yeaaa.....  Hello baby, yeah it's me Don't be no judge, no third degree oh jailbait Play the fool and you play the pawn Wake up babe, out the door gone, jailbait  I believe in someone talkin' Can't let go you got a hold oh jailbait What it is, but you believe In what you got, got up your sleeve oh jailbait  Oooh, j-j-j-jailbait Oooh, j-j-j-jailbait j-j-j-j-jailbait  Take it, leave it, roll the dice She's hot as hell, I'm cold as ice oh jailbait Tell your daddy how you do me Put the woodshed, do it to me jailbait Whatcha see in daddy's eyes Check the voice, no surprise oh jailbait Ooooh...  Oooh, j-j-j-jailbait j-j-j-jailbait j-j-j-jailbait j-j-j-jailbait j-j-j-jailbait  Do me, do you, tell me, would you, see in, me too Do me, do you  I ain't complainin' bitch's brew Girl's a lover, never knew she's jailbait Steeplechase, cold the sweat You sweep your feet up, place a bet on jailbait Lookout...  j-j-j-j-j-jailbait j-j-j-j-j-jailbait j-j-j-j-j-jailbait j-j-j-j-j-j-j Ooh, j-j-j-j-jailbait.... 
gypsy boots-Aerosmith[SEP]Gypsy, gypsy, dancing feet Gypsy, gypsy, bittersweet Screamer, dreamer, disarray Gypsy, gypsy, why did you fly away  No good, papa's no good Sister's no good and that's a drag Sometimes you're feelin' Like your head's on the ceiling When you scream hey mama...rag When your daddy come home With an old soup bone 'Cause he drank all the money away And your mama's in the kitchen On the phone she be bitchin' And your girlfriend who called to say  Gypsy, gypsy, dancing feet Gypsy, gypsy, bittersweet Screamer, dreamer, disarray Gypsy, gypsy, why did you fly away  High school lover, with ya corpse undercover Gettin high jack...Lebanese Hey mama, choosed it, y'all all been through it Or be fallin' off you right to your knees (Pair a shades, shotgun, rock on) ? Chewing gum, take it to the dance tonight Your a (love hate) ? child with wild child smile And you don't care wrong from right  Gypsy, gypsy, dancing feet Gypsy, gypsy, bittersweet Screamer, dreamer, disarray Gypsy, gypsy, why did you fly away  Nobody but nobody baby Knockin' my socks off Rock, rock, rockin' I'll be gotten, I'll be gettin' my rocks off Nobody but nobody shootin' never gets a shot off Yeah, yeah, yeah 
dude (looks like a lady)-Aerosmith[SEP]That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady  Cruise into a bar on the shore Her picture graced the grime on the door She a long lost love at first bite Baby maybe you're wrong but you know it's alright That's right  That, that That, that  Backstage we're havin' the time Of our lives until somebody say Forgive me if I seem out of line Then she whipped out her gun and tried to blow me away!  That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady  So, never judge a book by its cover Or who you're gonna love by your lover Sayin' love put me wise to her love in disguise She had the body of a Venus, Lord imagine my surprise.  That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady  So baby let me follow you down (let me take a peek dear) Baby let me follow you down (do me, do me, do me all night) Baby let me follow you down (turn the other cheek dear) Baby let me follow you down (do me, do me, do me, do me)  Ooh, what a funky lady Ooh, she like it, like it, like it, like that. Ooh, he was a lady!  That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady  That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady That, that dude looks like a lady  Dude, dude, dude, dude looks like a lady Dude, dude, dude, dude looks like a lady Dude, dude, dude, dude looks like a lady Dude, dude, dude, dude looks like a lady 
beyond beautiful-Aerosmith[SEP]you gave up the love you got & that is fact she loves me now she loves you not and that where its at cause when you thought your love was deep finders keepers losers weep yeah love my love my love du jour shes mine all mine my minds made up ya i'm so sure because theres none so fine the thing you found your losing sleep its all about the love you keep  yeahs shes beyond beautiful yeah she never been nobodys fool that she'd be stuck with yeah its all about me & you believe or not theres nothing we got thats beyond beautiful  full of lust full of love without no clue and though i was the one sure of and then came you into my life it served me right nobody ever did it quite like you  yeah she's beyond beautiful yeah she never been nobodys fool that you'd be stuck with yeah its all about me & you believe or not theres nothing we got thats beyond beautiful  [guitar solo]  yeah she's beyond beautiful yeah she never been nobodys fool that you'd be stuck with yeah its all about me & you believe or not yeah what we got its beyond beautiful 
simoriah-Aerosmith[SEP]Walkin' the line of a razor's edge Take it as far as she goes Slice of the sky on a silver wedge Higher and higher we go  OOO Simoriah OOO Simoriah  Ladies in black put a spell on me Feels like my head is going round and round Round and upside down Ladies in white ain't my cup of tea So be it, I need it, long legs, big eyes She drives me crazy  OOO Simoriah OOO Simoriah  Countin' the eyes of the dragonfly Callin' on dreams from within She knows the way and she makes me high So be it, I need it Long hair, blue eyes She drives me crazy 
ain't that a bitch-Aerosmith[SEP]Up in smoke you've lost another love As you take a hit off your last cigarette Strung out, burnt out Yeah you're down on your luck And you don't give a... 'Til the best part of you starts to twitch Ain't that a bitch  Freak out! I'm alone now I feel just like I'm losin' my mind 'Cause love is like the right dress On the wrong girl You never know what you're gonna find You think you're high and fine as wine Then you wind up like a dog in a ditch 'Cause love is like a wrong turn On a cold night...yeah Ain't that a bitch, Ain't that a bitch  In a daze In the throes of emotion You see God in the Devil's eyes Then you fall so far from grace You wouldn't know a kiss If it was on your face You can tell it to the jury But you ain't got no case  Freak out! I'm alone now I feel just like I'm losin' my mind 'Cause love is like the right dress On the wrong girl You never know what you're gonna find The gal was fine as calamine but not Enough to scratch a seven year itch 'Cause love is like the last licks Outta Hendrix... yeah Ain't that a bitch, Ain?t that a bitch  Then you feel so out of place Lickin' up the arsenic From the same old lace You know the stuff is poison But you gotta have a taste  You gotta Freak out! I'm alone now I feel just like I'm losin' my mind 'Cause love is like the right dress On the wrong girl You never know what you're gonna find You think you're high and fine as wine Then you wind up with your face in the ditch 'Cause love is like a warm gun On a cold night... yeah Ain't that a bitch, Ain't that a bitch 
drop dead gorgeous-Aerosmith[SEP]Totally out of control She owns me I didnt know that she'd know She stoned me I think I got it bad and I cant let it go I thought & youd be much better  All of the cashmere all orange & green Shes naturally drop dead gorgeous cleanly gardenia and black lessareen shes naturally drop dead gorgeous its so not fair  Completely inside my head imagine pretending Shes the book that Ive read with a beautiful ending It really drives me mad I cant leave her alone cause I wont let me forget her  Rose colored glasses you know what that says shes naturally drop dead gorgeous Her sweet molasses on my slice of bread shes naturally drop dead gorgeous  Totally out of control She owned me  Sweet almond eyes just to see & be seen shes naturally drop dead gorgeous she tasted like cherries sweet loves grenadine shes naturally drop dead gorgeous Makes love like a rabbit to my velveteen shes naturally drop dead gorgeous a gem with a smile like a young norma jean shes naturally drop dead gorgeous 
push comes to shove-Aerosmith[SEP][Chorus] Can you be in love When you live alone Push Comes To Shove When you're bitchin' on  Now look at every I'm tonne on you without a doubt Said the music does the talkin' But all we heard is talk about  The girls are left behind When forty women all spend time With me and the boys And the toys, yeah  Rose said she was fine for two With blonde hair, by crack it Miles of blue Sooge, she was on my side 'Cause she and Nancy Ah they took me for a ride  The girls are left behind When forty women all spend time With me and the boys And they do, yeah the toys  Talk about it Walk about it Talk about it Talkabubi Talk about it Talk about it... Dedumdudidudi  [Chorus]  She looked, well, about 35 to me When mine was still comin' on to you But I was covered back, back then 'Cause me and the boys Knew hot courior  The girls are left behind When forty women all spend time With me and the boys And the toys in the attic  Her sister, she was lank a fin Never tought I'd given in Her candle of youth was burnin' low But me and the boys Knew something had to go  The girls are left behind When forty women all spend time With me and the boys Dededudidudu...  Talk about it Walk about it Talk about it Talkabubi Talk about it Talk about it... Dedumdudidudi  [Chorus x2]  Huh!  [Repeat Chorus] 
voodoo medicine man-Aerosmith[SEP]I was left as a child dragged from the cradle, I was weaned in the wild ran with the wolfpack, flesh torn to shreds in the compensations, I was left there for dead  read it in the paper it ain't fair you know who today don't seem to care livin', lovin', gettin' loose masturbatin' with a noose now someone's kickin' out the chair  some kind of voodoo come across this land some kind of voodoo voodoo medicine man  everybody's lookin' at the sky don't believe the coverups and lies they been tellin' us since birth pissin' off old Mother Earth my gones are bygones prophesied  get ready  wonder should I go or should I stay 'cause what we got ain't workin' anyway I did my best, God knows I tried I feel like I been crucified why did you take it all away  voodoo, voodoo, medicine man [repeat] 
critical mass-Aerosmith[SEP]Arriving in boats, black hooded coats Tormentors climbed into my room I crawled under my bed, covered my head But they're flushin' me out with a broom  The leader, she's small, pinned my ass to the wall For my seeds or she'd be losin' her past Time after time, she'd be readin' my mind But she never got the feelin' to last  Celebrate, celebrate, celebraid it This is the critical mass  So far so good, I heard the other say So good so far, they're takin' me away I drink to you, your mind, her ass We'll take a drink and break the glass  Celebrate, celebrate, celebreak it This is the critical mass  Now the tallest of two, with a brush full of blue Paints surrealist scenes on the wall So I tell her for fun, that it's really well done But she just ain't listenin' at all  She points to my heart, tellin' me if I'm smart I'll practice and phase Out and admit, when the shoe doesn't fit And I went screaming out down the hall  Really need it Really need your love Really need your love Need your love need your love love love love love love love love love love  Just then I heard a poundin' on the door We're all here, sang the voice of twenty more I drink to you alas We'll take a drink and break the glass  Celebrate, celebrate, celebreak it We are the critical mass  Time in space, is takin' me away Time erase, don't know the time of day Time in space, is takin' me away Time erase, don't know the time of day Time in space, is takin' me away Time erase, don't know the time of day 
bad guy-Billie Eilish[SEP]White shirt now red, my bloody nose Sleeping, you're on your tippy toes Creeping around like no one knows Think you're so criminal  Bruises on both my knees for you Don't say thank you or please, I do What I want when I'm wanting to My soul? So cynical  So you're a tough guy Like-it-really-rough guy Just-can't-get-enough guy Chest-always-so-puffed guy I'm that bad type Make-your-mama-sad type Make-your-girlfriend-mad type Might-seduce-your-dad type I'm the bad guy, duh  I'm the bad guy  I like it when you take control Even if you know that you don't Own me, I'll let you play the role I'll be your animal  My mommy likes to sing along With me but she won't sing this song If she reads all the lyrics She'll pity the men I know  So you're a tough guy Like-it-really-rough guy Just-can't-get-enough guy Chest-always-so-puffed guy I'm that bad type Make-your-mama-sad type Make-your-girlfriend-mad type Might-seduce-your-dad type I'm the bad guy, duh  I'm the bad guy, duh  I'm only good at being bad Bad  I like when you get mad I guess I'm pretty glad That you're alone You said she's scared of me? I mean I don't see what she sees But maybe it's 'cause I'm wearing your cologne  I'm a bad guy I'm, I'm a bad guy Bad guy, bad guy I'm a bad guy 
that'll be the day-Buddy Holly[SEP]Well, that'll be the day when you say goodbye Yes, that'll be the day when you make me cry You say you gonna leave, you know it's a lie 'Cause that'll be the day when I die  Well, you give me all your lovin' and your turtle dovin' All your hugs and kisses and your money, too Well, you know you love me, baby Still you tell me, maybe That some day, well, I'll be blue  Well, that'll be the day when you say goodbye Yes, that'll be the day when you make me cry You say you gonna leave, you know it's a lie 'Cause that'll be the day when I die  Well, that'll be the day when you say goodbye Yes, that'll be the day when you make me cry You say you gonna leave, you know it's a lie 'Cause that'll be the day when I die  Well, when Cupid shot his dart He shot it at your heart So if we ever part and I leave you You say you told me, an' you told me boldly That someday, well, I'll be blue  Well, that'll be the day when you say goodbye Yes, that'll be the day when you make me cry You say you gonna leave, you know it's a lie 'Cause that'll be the day when I die  Well that'll be the day, ooh hoo That'll be the day, ooh hoo That'll be the day, ooh hoo That'll be the day 
love me-Buddy Holly[SEP]Well, love me, love me, love me Oh baby love me Well, if you love me honey Will you let me know If you really love me Then never let me go Oh, love me, love me, love me Well, I'm hoping you do Oh baby, love me, love me, love me The way that I love you  Well, love me, never leave me Or you'll make me cry If you really love me Then you'll keep my eyes dry Love me, love me, love me Well, I'm hoping you do Oh baby, love me, love me, love me The way that I love you (Oh, let's go now man, go)  Well, love me, love me O-oh baby love me Oh baby love me Baby love me true  Well, if you love me honey All the night and day Then you love me, love me All my life I pray Love me, love me, love me Well, I'm hoping you do Oh baby, love me, love me, love me The way that I love you  Well, love me, never leave me Or you'll make me cry If you really love me Then you'll keep my eyes dry Love me, love me, love me Well, I'm hoping you do Oh baby, love me, love me, love me The way that I love you  Well, love me, love me O-oh baby love me Oh baby love me Baby love me true 
everyday-Buddy Holly[SEP]Everyday, it's a-gettin' closer Goin' faster than a roller coaster Love like yours will surely come my way A-hey, a-hey hey  Everyday, it's a-gettin' faster Everyone said, "Go ahead and ask her" Love like yours will surely come my way A-hey, a-hey hey  Everyday seems a little longer Every way, love's a little stronger Come what may, do you ever long for True love from me?  Everyday, it's a-gettin' closer Goin' faster than a roller coaster Love like yours will surely come my way A-hey, a-hey hey  Everyday seems a little longer Every way, love's a little stronger Come what may, do you ever long for True love from me?  Everyday, it's a-gettin' closer Goin' faster than a roller coaster Love like yours will surely come my way A-hey, a-hey hey Love like yours will surely come my way 
(you're so square) baby i don't care-Buddy Holly[SEP]You don't like crazy music You don't like rockin' bands You just wanna go to a movie show And sit there holding hands You're so square Baby I don't care  I don't why my heart flips I only know it does I wonder why I love you baby I guess it's just because You're so square Baby I don't care  You don't know any dance steps that I do I only know I love you like I do, I do, I do  I don't why my heart flips I only know it does I wonder why I love you baby I guess it's just because You're so square Baby I don't care Baby I don't care Baby I don't care care Care care 
oh, boy!-Buddy Holly[SEP]All of my love, all of my kissin' You don't know what you've been missin', oh boy! (Oh boy!) When you're with me, oh boy! (Oh boy!) The world can see that you were meant for me  All of my life, I've been waitin' Tonight there'll be no hesitatin', oh boy! (Oh boy!) When you're with me, oh boy! (Oh boy!) The world can see that you were meant for me  Stars appear and the shadows are fallin' You can hear my heart a-callin' A little bit of lovin' makes everything right I'm gonna see my baby tonight  All of my love, all of my kissin' You don't know what you've been missin', oh boy! (Oh boy!) When you're with me, oh boy! (Oh boy!) The world can see that you were meant for me  (Dum de dum dum, oh boy!) (Dum de dum dum, oh boy!)  All of my love, all of my kissin' You don't know what you've been missin', oh boy! (Oh boy!) When you're with me, oh boy! (Oh boy!) The world can see that you were meant for me  All of my life, I've been waitin' Tonight there'll be no hesitatin', oh boy! (Oh boy!) When you're with me, oh boy! (Oh boy!) The world can see that you were meant for me  Stars appear and the shadows are fallin' You can hear my heart a-callin' A little bit of lovin' makes everything right I'm gonna see my baby tonight  All of my love, all of my kissin' You don't know what you've been missin', oh boy! (Oh boy!) When you're with me, oh boy! (Oh boy!) The world can see that you were meant for me 
you are my one desire-Buddy Holly[SEP]You are my one desire You set my heart on fire Your eyes, your lips and your smile They make my life so worthwhile  You'll never know how much I love you If you will be my own I will be true  You are my one desire You set my heart on fire You'll never know how much I love you If you will be my own I will be true  You are my one desire You set my heart on fire 
midnight shift-Buddy Holly[SEP]Well if you see ol' Annie, better give her a lift 'Cause Annie's been a-workin' on the midnight shift If Annie puts her hair up on her head Paints them lips up bright bright red Wears that dress that fits real tight Starts stayin' out late till the middle of the night Says to her friend, give her a lift Well Annie's been a-workin' on the midnight shift If she acts a little funny, seems a little strange Starts spending your money for brand new things Tells you that she wants to use the car Never explains what she wants it for Brother, there just ain't no ifs 'Cause Annie's been a-workin' on the midnight shift  Well early in the morning when the sun comes up You look at ol' Annie and she looks kinda rough You tell her, honey get out of that bed She says, leave me alone I'm just about dead Brother, there just ain't no ifs 'Cause Annie's been a-workin' on the midnight shift  If you got a good mama that's stayin' at home You better enjoy, 'cause it won't last long When you think everything's all right She starts slippin' round in the middle of the night Brother, there just ain't no ifs 'Cause Annie's been a-workin' on the midnight shift 
modern don juan-Buddy Holly[SEP]Well, I ain't nothin' but a man in love I ain't nothin' but a man in love The girls they say, I'm their only one They say I'm a modern Don Juan  Well there ain't but one thing puzzlin' me I got a girl and she can't see That I want only to make her mine Well she thinks I'm just handin' her a line  Oh, I love her so, I'll never ever let her go-o-hoh  I ain't nothin' but a man in love I ain't nothin' but a man in love The girls they say, I'm their only one They say I'm a modern Don Juan  Oh, I love her so, I'll never ever let her go-o-hoh  I ain't nothin' but a man in love I ain't nothin' but a man in love The girls they say, I'm their only one They say I'm a modern Don Juan Well, I ain't nothin' but a man in love I ain't nothin' but a man in love I ain't nothin' but a man in love 
tell me how-Buddy Holly[SEP]Tell me how to keep your love You know how I need your love Tell me how you keep the love Within your heart from me Don't you know that I love you Let me show why I'm true blue When I know our love is true Don't keep your love from me If you would say to me today The time for love is now Could I sway your love my way Then I say tell me how Tell me how to keep your love You know how I need your love Tell me how you keep the love Within your heart from me  If you would say to me today The time for love is now Could I sway your love my way Then I say tell me how Tell me how to keep your love You know how I need your love Tell me how you keep the love Within your heart from me Tell me how you keep the love Within your heart from me 
ting-a-ling-Buddy Holly[SEP]Well now I'm just a poor young boy And these girls 'bout to drive me wild Yeah I'm just a poor young boy And these girls 'bout to drive me wild Yeah I-I'm just a poor young boy And these girls 'bout to drive me wild The way they rock and roll and call me angel-child  The way they laugh, the way they sing Makes my heart go ting-a-ling The way they laugh, the way they sing Makes my heart go ting-a-ling The way they laugh, and si-i-ing Makes my heart go ting-a-ling Ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling  Oh well, I'm young and I'm free And it's a real fine way to be Yeah I'm young and I'm free And it's a real fine way to be Yeah I-I'm young and I'm free-ee And it's a real fine way to be I want a fine young girl that is so nice and free  The way they laugh, the way they sing Makes my heart go ting-a-ling The way they laugh, the way they sing Makes my heart go ting-a-ling The way they laugh, and si-i-ing Makes my heart go ting-a-ling Ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling 
an empty cup (and a broken date)-Buddy Holly[SEP]One lonely night at this drive-in And now I know what a foo-ooll I've been She was to meet me, we had a da-ate A date at seven I dreamed of heaven Now it's way past eight She just drove by with another guy No wonder I can't he-elp but cry  To think she never cared just tears me up Now all I have to show for love Is this empty cup Just like this Coke My love is gone I've hit the bottom Now I'm all alone 
you've got love-Buddy Holly[SEP]You got two lips that look so fine You got one heart I wish was mine Love - sweet love You've got love (genuine love)  You got two arms that you could use To make me lose my blues Love - sweet love You've got love (real fine love)  You've got love - real love You've got love - sweet love You've got love - that is true I want only you  You got two eyes so you can see Your love was meant for me Love - sweet love You've got love (you've got love)  You've got love - real love You've got love - sweet love You've got me in a spin I like the spin I'm in 
send me some lovin'-Buddy Holly[SEP]Send me some loving, send it I pray How can I love you when you're far away  Send me your picture, send it my dear So I can hold it, pretend you are near  Can't you send me your kisses, I can feel their touch I need you so badly, I miss you so much  My days are so lonely, my nights are so blue I'm here and lonely, I'm waiting for you  Can't you send me your kisses, I can feel their touch I miss you so badly, I need you so much  My days are so lonely, my nights are so blue I'm here and I'm lonely, I'm waiting for you 
listen to me-Buddy Holly[SEP]Listen to me and hold me tight And you will see our love so right Hold me darling, listen closely to me  Your eyes will see what love can do Reveal to me your love so true Listen to me, listen closely to me  I've told the stars you're my only love I want to love you to tenderly Those same bright stars in heaven above Know now how sweet sweethearts can be  Listen to me, hear what I say Our hearts can be nearer each day Hold me darling, listen closely to me  [Spoken:] Listen to me Listen, listen Listen to me  I've told the stars you're my only love I want to love you to tenderly Those same bright stars in heaven above Know now how sweet sweethearts can be  Listen to me, hear what I say Our hearts can be nearer each day Hold me darling, listen closely to me 
words of love-Buddy Holly[SEP]Hold me close and tell me how you feel Tell me love is real Mm, mm, mm, mm  Words of love you whisper soft and true Darling I love you Mm, mm, mm, mm  Let me hear you say The words I want to hear Darling when you're near Mm, mm, mm, mm  Words of love you whisper soft and true Darling I love you Mm, mm, mm, mm Mm, mm, mm Mm, mm, mm 
it's too late-Buddy Holly[SEP]It's too late - she's gone It's too late - my baby's gone Wish I had told her - she was my only one But it's too late - she's gone  It's a weak man that cries So I guess I'd best dry my eyes Guess I will miss her more than any one But it's too late - she's gone  She's gone - yes, she's gone She's gone - my my baby's gone She's gone - yes, she's gone Where can my baby be  I wonder does she know When she left me - it hurt me so I need your lovin' - please don't make me weep And tell me - it's not too late 
valley of tears-Buddy Holly[SEP]I want you to me take me where I belong Where hearts have been broken - with a kiss and a song Spend the rest of my days dear - without any cares Everyone understands me - in the valley of tears  Soft words have been spoken - so sweet and low But my mind is made up and I must go Spend the rest of my days dear - without any cares Everyone understands me - in the valley of tears 
rock me my baby-Buddy Holly[SEP]Put your arms around me now And try your best to squeeze me Love me baby - you know how Yes, a-rock me my baby  Well, rock a-like a hockory-dock, dickory-dock Rock-a-bye my baby Up and down - around the clock Well, a-rock me my baby  Plant your kisses on my lips And make me bubble brightly Thrill me to my fingertips Well, a-rock me my baby  Tell me that you love me too And say you'll never me No one loves you like I do So rock me my baby 
girl on my mind-Buddy Holly[SEP]Oh, girl on my mind Please come back to me I love you with all my heart With you I want to be I want you to be near me Is that too much to ask? Oh, girl on my mind Please say you will be mine  You are the one and the only You are mine to have and to love No one could ask for more You're mine to adore Girl on my mind Please say you will be mine  You are the one and the only You are mine to have and to love No one could ask for more You're mine to adore Girl on my mind Please say you will be mine 
i'm changing all those changes-Buddy Holly[SEP]I-I-I should have reconsidered all those things I said I'd do So now I'm changing all those changes That I made when I left you  Sweetheart I'm changing all those changes That I made when I left you Because I made those changes when I thought you were untrue  A-but now you're gone I've found I'm wrong And there's a-nothing I can do Except to change up all those changes That I made when I left you  I-I-I didn't stop to thi-ink, I just left without a care And now I know I'm wrong and I can't find you anywhere I should have reconsidered all those things I said I'd do So now I'm changing all those changes That I made when I left you 
rave on-Buddy Holly[SEP]Well, the little things you say and do Make me want to be with you-ou-ou Rave on, it's a crazy feelin' And I know it's got me reelin' When you say I love you Rave on  The way you dance and hold me tight The way you kiss and say good ni-i-ight Rave on, it's a crazy feelin' And I know it's got me reelin' When you say I love you Rave on  Well, rave on, it's a crazy feelin' And I know it's got me reelin' I'm so glad that you're revealin' your love for me  Rave on, rave on and tell me Tell me not to be lonely Tell me you love me only Rave on to me  Well, rave on, it's a crazy feelin' And I know it's got me reelin' I'm so glad that you're revealin' your love for me  Rave on, rave on and tell me Tell me not to be lonely Tell me you love me only Rave on to me 
not fade away-Buddy Holly[SEP]I'm a-gonna tell you how it's gonna be You're gonna give your love to me I wanna love you night and day You know my love a-not fade away A-well, you know my love a-not fade away  My love a-bigger than a cadillac I try to show it and you drive a-me back Your love for me a-got to be real For you to know just how I feel A love for real not fade away  I'm a-gonna tell you how it's gonna be You're gonna give your love to me A love to last a-more than one day A love that's love - not fade away A well, a-love that's love - not fade away 
peggy sue-Buddy Holly[SEP]If you knew Peggy Sue Then you'd know why I feel blue Without Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you, gal Yes, I love you Peggy Sue  Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue Oh, how my heart yearns for you Oh, Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you, gal Yes, I love you Peggy Sue  Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, Peggy Sue Oh, Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you, gal And I need you, Peggy Sue  I love you, Peggy Sue With a love so rare and true Oh, Peggy, my Peggy Sue Well, I love you, gal And I want you, Peggy Sue  Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue, Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, Peggy Sue Oh, Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you, gal Yes, I need you, Peggy Sue  I love you, Peggy Sue With a love so rare and true Oh Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you, gal And I want you, Peggy Sue  Oh well, I love you gal And I want you Peggy Sue 
look at me-Buddy Holly[SEP]Hey hey look at me and tell me What's gonna happen to you When you've broken too many people's hearts And can't find anyone new  Say say look at me and tell me About that twinkle in your eye Is the twinkle in your eye meant for me Or meant for some other guy  Look at me from now on Know the love we share Look at me from now on Let me know you care  Hey hey look at me and tell me What's gonna happen to you When you've spoken sweet words of love to me And I want to marry you 
maybe baby-Buddy Holly[SEP]Maybe baby, I'll have you Maybe baby, you'll be true Maybe baby, I'll have you for me  It's funny honey, you don't care You never listen, to my prayer Maybe baby, you will love me some day  Well you are the one that, makes me glad Any other one that, makes me sad When some day, you'll want me Well, I'll be there, wait and see ee ee  Maybe baby, I'll have you Maybe baby, you'll be true Maybe baby, I'll have you for me**  Da da ta da da da da da da Da da ta da da da da da da Da da ta da da da da da da Aughaaaaaaaaaaaaa  Well you are the one that, makes me glad Any other one that, makes me sad When some day, you'll want me Well, I'll be there, wait and see ee ee  Maybe baby I'll have you for me 
don't come back knockin'-Buddy Holly[SEP]Well, I found you're a rover and it's made me blue Like a talent scout you want some love that's new Don't come back knocking at my heart's closed door For I won't be home, don't call an' knock no more  Well, when you went away and left me all alone While you played around I waited at home Don't come back knocking at my heart's closed door For I won't be home, don't call an' knock no more  You had all my heart, it was your very own You weren't satisfied, now I'll go on alone Don't come back knocking at my heart's closed door For I won't be home, don't call an' knock no more (Oh, let's really knock it this time boys!)  Well, pity those with hearts so empty and cold To never know true love, a treasure to hold Don't come back knocking at my heart's closed door For I won't be home, don't call an' knock no more 
reunited-Peaches & Herb[SEP][Herb:] I was a fool to ever leave your side Me minus you is such a lonely ride The breakup we had has made me lonesome and sad I realize I love you 'cause I want you bad, hey, hey  [Peaches:] I spent the evening with the radio Regret the moment that I let you go Our quarrel was such a way of learnin' so much I know now that I love you 'cause I need your touch, hey, hey  [Both:] Reunited and it feels so good Reunited 'cause we understood There's one perfect fit And, sugar, this one is it We both are so excited 'cause we're reunited, hey, hey  [Peaches:] I sat here starin' at the same old wall Came back to life just when I got your call I wished I could climb right through the telephone line And give you what you want so you will still be mine, hey, hey  [Herb:] I can't go cheatin', honey, I can't play I found it very hard to stay away As we reminisce on precious moments like this I'm glad we're back together 'cause I missed your kiss, hey, hey  [Both:] Reunited and it feels so good Reunited 'cause we understood There's one perfect fit And, sugar, this one is it We both are so excited 'cause we're reunited, hey, hey  [Herb:] Yeah, yeah, yeah [Peaches:] Ba-a-a-by  [Herb:] Lover, lover, this is solid love [Peaches:] And you're exactly what I'm dreamin' of [Herb:] All through the day [Peaches:] And all through the night [Both:] I'll give you all the love I have with all my might, hey, hey  Reunited and it feels so good Reunited 'cause we understood There's one perfect fit And, sugar, this one is it We both are so excited... 
i'm sorry-Brenda Lee[SEP]I'm sorry, so sorry That I was such a fool I didn't know Love could be so cruel Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-yes  You tell me mistakes Are part of being young But that don't right The wrong that's been done  (I'm sorry) I'm sorry (So sorry) So sorry Please accept my apology But love is blind And I was too blind to see  Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-yes  You tell me mistakes Are part of being young But that don't right The wrong that's been done Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-yes  I'm sorry, so sorry Please accept my apology But love was blind And I was too blind to see  (Sorry) 
i swear-All-4-One[SEP]I swear By the moon and the stars in the skies And I swear Like the shadow that's by your side  I see the questions in your eyes I know what's weighing on your mind You can be sure I know my part  'Cause I stand beside you through the years You'll only cry those happy tears And though I make mistakes I'll never break your heart  And I swear By the moon and the stars in the skies I'll be there I swear Like the shadow that's by your side I'll be there  For better or worse 'Til death do us part I'll love you with every beat of my heart And I swear  I'll give you every thing I can I'll build your dreams with these two hands We'll hang some memories on the walls  And when (and when) just the two of us are there You won't have to ask if I still care 'Cause as the time turns the page My love won't age at all  And I swear (I swear) By the moon and the stars in the skies I'll be there (I'll be there) I swear (and I swear) Like the shadow that's by your side I'll be there (I'll be there)  For better or worse 'Til death do us part I'll love you with every beat of my heart And I swear  I swear (I swear) By the moon and the stars in the skies I'll be there (I'll be there) I swear (and I swear) Like the shadow that's by your side I'll be there (I'll be there)  For better or worse (better or worse) 'Til death do us part (oh, no) I'll love you with every single beat of my heart I swear I swear I swear 
foolish-Ashanti[SEP]Murder Inc Ashanti  See my days are cold without you But I'm hurting while I'm with you And though my heart can't take no more I keep on running back to you See my days are cold without you But I'm hurting while I'm with you And though my heart can't take no more I keep on running back to you  Baby I don't know why you're treating me so bad You said you love me, no one above me And I was all you had And though my heart is beating for you I can't stop crying I don't know how I allow you to treat me this way and still I stay  See my days are cold without you But I'm hurting while I'm with you And though my heart can't take no more I keep on running back to you See my days are cold without you But I'm hurting while I'm with you And though my heart can't take no more I keep on running back to you  Baby I don't know why you wanna do me wrong See when I'm home, I'm all alone And you are always gone And boy, you know I really love you I can't deny I can't see how you could bring me to so many tears After all these years  See my days are cold without you But I'm hurting while I'm with you And though my heart can't take no more I keep on running back to you See my days are cold without you But I'm hurting while I'm with you And though my heart can't take no more I keep on running back to you  I trusted you, I trusted you So sad, so sad what love will make you do All the things that we accept Be the things that we regret To all of my ladies (ladies) Feel me c'mon sing with me  See, when I get the strength to leave You always tell me that you need me And I'm weak 'cause I believe you And I'm mad because I love you So I stop and think that maybe You can learn to appreciate me Then it all remains the same That you ain't never gonna change (Never gonna change, never gonna change)  See my days are cold without you But I'm hurting while I'm with you And though my heart can't take no more I keep on running back to you See my days are cold without you But I'm hurting while I'm with you And though my heart can't take no more I keep on running back to you  Baby why you hurt me Leave me and desert me Boy I gave you all my heart And all you did was tear it up Looking out my window Knowing that I should go Even when I pack my bags This something always hold me back 
ladies room-KISS[SEP]Every time it's the same What bothers me is my fame You're what I need to play the game You say you like to dance Mmm, I think I'll take a chance Ooh, baby, maybe it's time for romance You're such a jewel in the rough You wanna show me your stuff For my money, you can't be too soon Meet, meet you in the ladies room Meet, meet you in the ladies room For my money, you can't be too soon You say you like to play Well, it's too late for you to get away And you've gotta believe me, when I say Baby, you're such a jewel in the rough You wanna show me your stuff For my money, you can't be too soon Meet, meet you in the ladies room Meet, meet you in the ladies room For my money, you can't be too soon You can't be too soon You're such a jewel in the rough You wanna show me your stuff, come on baby For my money, you can't be too soon  I'll meet you, greet you in the ladies room For my money, you can't be too soon Meet you, greet you in the ladies room I'll meet you, greet you in the ladies room For my money, you can't be too soon Meet you, greet you in the ladies room Mmm, meet, meet you in the ladies room  Meet, meet you in the ladies room I'll meet you, greet you in the ladies room For my money, you can't be too soon I'll meet, meet you in the ladies room I'll meet you, greet you in the ladies room For my money, you can't be too soon Meet, meet you in the ladies room 
love's a deadly weapon-KISS[SEP]Ooh give it to me I'm gettin' fired up Hot thunder's flowin' through my blood My temperature's risin', baby I want the warmth of your touch  So get a grip I'm hot on your heels You're burnin' up 'cause you know just how it's gonna feel, yeah And you just can't help yourself now, baby 'Cause this time it's real, ow  Love's a deadly weapon And murder's on my mind Time you learned a lesson Gonna love you this time  Like sugar to a baby, yeah Got something you could use Make you an offer, baby You can't refuse  There you stand all dressed in red I got this feelin' in me Can't get you out of my head One day you say you hate me But I found you in my bed, yeah  Love's a deadly weapon And murder's on my mind I'm burnin' up with fever I'm gonna love you this time Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna love this time, yeah, yeah, yeah  Love's a deadly weapon And murder's on my mind I'm burnin' up with fever I wanna love you, I wanna love you, yeah One more time, ow 
creatures of the night-KISS[SEP]Searching in the darkness, running from the day Hiding from tomorrow, nothing left to say Victims of the moment, future deep in doubt Living in a whisper until we start to shout  We're creatures of the night, we're creatures of the night, hey  Breathing in the madness, spitting out the lies Searching for an answer, keep your alibis Don't know where we're goin', just know where we've been Remember when the clock strikes twelve, the losers always win  We're creatures of the night, we're creatures of the night, hey  Searching in the darkness, running from the day Hiding from tomorrow, nothing left to say Gathering up our courage, ready for the fight Howling in the shadows until we start to bite  We're creatures of the night, we're creatures of the night Creatures of the night, we're creatures of the night 
hide your heart-KISS[SEP]Johnny saw her riding on a street car named Desire, his fate was sealed She could see him coming like a hundred other liars, it was no big deal Rosa had a lover on the shady side of town, Tito, he was king of the streets She was his possession like a jewel on his crown, Johnny better run, better run  [Chorus:] Better hide your heart, better hold on tight Say your prayers, 'cause there's trouble tonight When pride and love battle with desire Better hide your heart, 'cause you're playing with fire  The ride was over but the story doesn't end, he took her heart She looked him in the eye and said they couldn't meet again You could see the trouble start The word went out that Rosa's messin' with someone, it was on the street Tito looked for Johnny with a vengeance and a gun Johnny better run, better run  [chorus]  Johnny's holdin' Rosa on a rooftop in the night, as time stood still They couldn't hear him coming 'til he had them both in sight You could feel a chill A shot ran out like thunder and the blood was on her hands, with nothing won When someone lies dying, lovers finally understand  [chorus...] 
100,000 years-KISS[SEP]I'm sorry to have taken so long It must have been a bitch while I was gone You mind if I sit down for a while You'll reacquaint yourself with my style  Well, how could you have waited so long It must have been a bitch while I was gone All this time you put up a fear For a hundred thousand years  I'm sorry to have taken so long It must have been a bitch while I was gone All this time you put up a fear For a hundred thousand years  And baby won't you let me I think I'm goin' out of my head I'm just about to, ooh yeah, ha  I'm sorry to have taken so long It must have been a bitch while I was gone You mind if I sit down for a while, would you babe You'll reacquaint yourself with my style 
naked city-KISS[SEP]All the victims have turned to stone, no one is happy, they're all alone I'd sacrifice my social position tonight In New York, millionaires, and lonely people with lonely stares I'm not lookin' for love and I'm lost in this night  In the naked city (in the city) there are ten million stories (naked city) I'm not lookin' for pity (in the city) in this naked city (naked city)  Street vampires in the night, young lovers and love at first sight This is my flesh and my fantasy Older women with younger men, I've got a feelin' I'm in trouble again But I've got to live my destiny  In the naked city (in the city) it's a race with the devil (naked city) All the pain and the sorrow (in the city) is there more tomorrow (naked city) In the naked, naked city (in the city) naked city  Lonely people lookin' for someone, lonely people goin' their way Lonely people lookin' for something, lonely people goin' their way  In New York, millionaires, lonely people with lonely stares I'm not lookin' for love and I'm lost in this night  In the naked city, there are ten million stories I'm not lookin' for pity in this naked city In the naked, naked city (in the city), it's a race with the devil (naked city) All the pain and the sorrow (in the city) is there more tomorrow (naked city)  (In the city, naked city) [repeats out] 
beth-KISS[SEP]Beth, I hear you callin' But I can't come home right now Me and the boys are playin' And we just can't find the sound  Just a few more hours And I'll be right home to you I think I hear them callin' Oh, Beth what can I do Beth what can I do  You say you feel so empty That our house just ain't a home And I'm always somewhere else And you're always there alone  Just a few more hours And I'll be right home to you I think I hear them callin' Oh, Beth what can I do Beth what can I do  Beth, I know you're lonely And I hope you'll be alright 'Cause me and the boys will be playin' All night 
rock and roll all nite-KISS[SEP]You show us everything you've got You keep on dancing and the room gets hot You drive us wild, we'll drive you crazy  You say you wanna go for a spin The party's just begun, we'll let you in You drive us wild, we'll drive you crazy  You keep on shouting, you keep on shouting  I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day  You keep on saying you'll be mine for a while You're looking fancy, and I like your style You drive us wild, we'll drive you crazy  You show us everything you've got Baby, baby, that's quite a lot And you drive us wild, we'll drive you crazy  You keep on shouting, you keep on shouting  I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day  You keep on shouting, you keep on shouting  I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day I wanna rock and roll 
charisma-KISS[SEP]Is it my fortune or my fame Is it my money or my name Is it my personality Or just my sexuality, yeah, yeah  What is my charisma What is my charisma, yeah  Is it my body or my brain Do I drive you insane, ha Is it the power of my touch Do you need me too much, too much, too much  What is my charisma, what is my, what is my What is my charisma Is it my fortune or my fame What is my, is it my money or my name, charisma, yeah What is my, yeah, yeah, yeah, charisma  What is my charisma, what is it I've got What is it about me that gets you so hot, hot, yeah  Am I the master of your soul Do you lose all control, ha Is it my fire or my flame Do I drive you insane, charisma  What is my charisma, yeah What is my, is it my fire or my flame, charisma What is my charisma What is my charisma Is it my body or my brain What is my, is it my money or my name, charisma And do I drive you insane What is my, what is my, what is my, charisma What is my, is it my fortune or my fame, charisma And do I drive you insane What is my, what is my, what is my, charisma What is my, what is my, what is my, charisma Charisma, charisma What is my, what is my, what is my, charisma What is my, what is my, what is my, charisma Charisma, charisma What is my, what is my, what is my, charisma What is my 
murder in high-heels-KISS[SEP]Hey, with a sleight of hand and then a word of mouth She's a cat been caged too long and now she's breakin' out Well, get it straight, you better cross your heart 'Cause sparks are gonna fly, let me tell you what it's all about Better run for cover, babe, she's gonna make her move You know she could, she's a get rich bitch You better get her while the gettin's good  She's a vision in leather, like salt on a wound Just a turn of a knob and she's real fine tuned But she's murder in high-heels She ain't the girl next door worth waitin' for Well you're playin' with the fire, a pool of sweat's lyin' on the floor She'll bring you to your knees, and when you're laid to rest She's gonna give you something, she's gonna get it off her chest (Yeah yeah yeah)  She's a vision in leather, like salt on a wound Just a turn of a knob and she's real fine tuned - here she comes he's a vision in leather, like salt on a wound Just a turn of a knob and she's real fine tuned But she's murder in high heels 
i've had enough (into the fire)-KISS[SEP]How many times have they lied with the truth in their eyes Treat you like dirt, wasting the days of our lives They try and deny it, ain't gonna buy it, just look around Before it's all over, it's gonna get rough  I've had enough -  [Chorus:] (Out of the cold into the fire) Nothing and no one is stopping me now (Out of the cold into the fire) Just hang tough and we'll make it somehow  How many times have you given up more than you got Countin' on things turnin' out, but you know they will not Ain't gonna take it, kick it and break it, just look around Before it's all over it's gonna get rough  [chorus repeats 2x]  Wishin' and hopin' won't get you nothin' Prayin' and schemin', no time for dreamin' I've got the power, this is the hour now Wishin' and hopin' won't get you nothin' Prayin' and schemin', no time for dreamin' I've got the power, this is the hour now  [chorus repeats 2x] 
got love for sale-KISS[SEP]Your condition's red, you can't get to bed Your eyes are full of tears You've got headache, heartache, a pain you can't take I am who you have to fear  Your observation's correct I'm someone you can't neglect Whoo no, whoo no, whoo no, whoo no, whoo no, whoo no  Have love, will travel (I've got love for sale) Have love, will travel (I've got love for sale) Have love, will travel (I've got love for sale)  You buy the magazine, in between the lines You see my face, you read my name And you can have me for one price, baby You must have heard of my fee You know you need me, I know you want me 'Cause I'm a living cross your heart man You've got to have me, can't live without me 'Cause I'm the one and only yes I am  I've got love for sale And my love will not fail you Whoo no, whoo no, whoo no, whoo no, whoo no oh, whoo no, whoo no  Have love, will travel (I've got love for sale) Have love, will travel (I've got love for sale) Have love, will travel (I've got love for sale), yeah  I've got love for sale And my love will not fail you Whoo no, whoo no, whoo no, whoo no, whoo no, whoo no, whoo no  Have love, will travel (I've got love for sale) Have love, will travel (I've got love for sale) Have love, will travel (I've got love for sale), yeah  I got love for sale I got love for sale I got love for sale I got love for sale I got love for sale I got love for sale I got love for sale I got love for sale I got love for sale I got love for sale, yeah 
little caesar-KISS[SEP]Ten million stories in the city, ten million backs against the wall Desperation's out tonight, you can cut it with a knife Everybody wants to have it all Well they tell you that the world is rough But they never rocked it hard enough  [Chorus:] Hey little Caesar, nobody messing with you Hey little Caesar, go show 'em what you can do  Nobody said that it was pretty, you haven't got a penny or a prayer You know it's gonna be a fight, if you wanna see your name in lights Ain't nobody gives a damn out there Well you got your guts, you got your pride But you'll never let them see inside  [chorus]  [Spoken:] Well you don't believe in the books and rules 'Cause you just believe in what you know is cool Well they tell you that the world is rough But they never rocked it hard enough - I can't hear you  They just don't understand, you gotta fight to be a man  [chorus]  Hey little Caesar, oh yeah, that's what it is Hey little Caesar, yeah 
prisoner of love-KISS[SEP]If I can survive, and if you can't deny it Don't give me love, no, don't even try it Just give me your trust, and I'll tell you no lies This is the truth, and I don't know why  Can't you hear your heart is beatin' (Don't you hear it beatin') Don't you feel that sweet sweet feelin' (Can't you feel that feelin') Anytime you need some lovin'  [Chorus:] Yeah, I know, I'm a prisoner of love, and I can't break these chains Yeah, yes I know, but here comes that feelin' again  And if you can't believe all your alibis, I can tell by that look in your eyes When we make love, you play hard to bet, you bet, what you give is what you get  Anytime I see you goin' (Anytime I see you gone) Everytime the feelin's growin' (This feelin's growin') Anytime I need your lovin'  [chorus]  I know it's much too late, but I can't help this feelin', no I can't look away  [chorus repeats out] 
only you-KISS[SEP]Only you have the answers But the questions you have to find Only you know the secrets But the truth lies deep in your mind Only you are the answer You turn the night into day - yeah Only you are the manchild You are the light and you are the way  Tell me the secrets I wanna know Tell me the secrets I wanna know Only you  Only you are the manchild You are the light and you are the way  I can't believe this is is true Why do I listen to you If I am all that you say Why am I still so afraid  Only you.... ! Only you.... ! Only you.... !  In every age In every time A hero is born As if by a grand design 
goin' blind-KISS[SEP]And I know how it should be There is nothing more for you and I Some are young and some are free But I think I'm goin' blind  'Cause, I think I'm goin' blind And I know how it's to be, yeah  Little lady, can't you see You're so young and so much different than I I'm 93, you're sixteen Can't you see I'm goin' blind  'Cause, I think I'm goin' blind And I know how it's to be, yeah  'Cause, I think I'm goin' blind And I know how it's to be, yeah  You're much younger, can't you see There is nothing more for you and I I'm 93, you're sixteen And I think I'm goin' blind  Yes, I think I'm goin' blind And I know how it's to be, yeah 
calling dr. love-KISS[SEP]You need my love baby, oh so bad You're not the only one I've ever had And if I say I wanna set you free Don't you know you'll be in misery They call me (Dr. Love) They call me Dr. Love (calling Dr. Love) I've got the cure you're thinkin' of (calling Dr. Love) And even though I'm full of sin In the end you'll let me in You'll let me through, there's nothin' you can do You need my lovin', don't you know it's true  So if you please get on your knees There are no bills, there are no fees Baby, I know what your problem is The first step of the cure is a kiss So call me (Dr. Love) They call me Dr. Love (calling Dr. Love) I am your doctor of love (calling Dr. Love), ha They call me (Dr. Love), they call me Dr. Love (calling Dr. Love) I've got the cure you're thinkin' of (calling Dr. Love)  Ooh, they call me (Dr. Love) I am the doctor of love (calling Dr. Love)  Ooh, they Call me (Dr. Love) I am your doctor of love (calling Dr. Love) I've got the cure you're thinking of (calling Dr. Love), yeah Yeah, they call me (Dr. Love) They call me Dr. Love (calling Dr. Love) I've got the cure you're thinkin' of (calling Dr. Love) Love, love, love, (Dr. Love) Love, love, love, love, (calling Dr. Love) love Dr. Love (Calling Dr. Love) I've got the cure you're thinkin' (Dr. Love) I've got the cure you're thinkin' (calling Dr. Love) I've got the cure you're thinkin' of (calling Dr. Love) (Dr. Love) They call me Dr. Love (calling Dr. Love) I've got the cure 
dark light-KISS[SEP]LOOK OUT, Cause there's something wrong And you don't know what it is WATCH OUT, Or it's Sodom and Gommorah The malevolent order RIGHT NOW, Before it's much too late Before it's much too late  A dark light---A darkness never ending A dark light---The devil gets his due A dark night---Is everywhere descending A dark light---Is coming for you  NOW LOOK UP, Well the skies are black And they're getting darker all the time WATCH OUT, For the things that you believe in You're gonna be attacked, and you won't know what it is WISE UP, You better watch your step You better watch your step  A dark light---A darkness never ending A dark light---Of perversion and hate A dark night---Is everywhere descending A dark light---There's no time to wait  LOOK OUT, For the death of love There will be no more love WATCH OUT, It's yourself that you are fooling Who do you think you're fooling SHOUT IT OUT, It's a terrible thing Such a terrible thing  A dark light---A darkness never ending A dark light---The sun is turning cool A dark night---Is everywhere descending A dark light---Is shining at you  Dark light, Dark light Is shining at you, Dark light 
tears are falling-KISS[SEP]I read your mind like an open book You lost the fire in your eyes You turn to me with a different look And then it's raining, looks like it's raining  Oh no, tears are falling Oh no, tears are falling Oh no, tears are falling  Something is wrong as I hold you near Somebody else holds your heart, yeah You look at me with your eyes in tears And then it's raining, feels like it's raining  Oh no, tears are falling Oh no, tears are falling, whoo oh Oh no, tears are falling, whoo oh I saw you cry  And now it's raining (yeah) Looks like it's raining (someone stole your heart) And now it's raining, feels like it's raining  Oh no, tears are falling Oh no, tears are falling, whoo oh Oh no, tears are falling, someone stole your heart Oh no, tears are falling, they're falling from your eyes Oh no, tears are falling, (no no, falling from your eyes) Oh no, tears are falling (Oh no, no, falling, oh, they're falling from your eyes) Oh no, tears are falling (Oh no, no, falling from your eyes) Oh no, tears are falling 
tomorrow-KISS[SEP]I didn't know just what to say, when you turned and you looked my way It doesn't happen to me every day, can we talk a while? I didn't know just what to do, I couldn't seem to take my eyes off you You know I wanted just to take you home, but that's not your style  And tomorrow, we're gonna fall in love, fall in love Tomorrow, we're gonna fall in love, fall in love, tomorrow, tomorrow  I didn't even know your name, like a moth I was in your flame I knew you wanted me to feel real good by the way you smiled You didn't have to say a word, I tried to tell you, but I lost my nerve You know I wanted just to slip away for a little while  And tomorrow, we're gonna fall in love, fall in love Tomorrow, we're gonna fall in love, fall in love, tomorrow, tomorrow We're gonna fall in love, fall in love, fall in love, fall in love with me (But tonight, when the feeling feels so right, we got all the love we need)  I didn't know just what to say This doesn't happen to me every day and that's not my style  And tomorrow, we're gonna fall in love, fall in love Tomorrow, we're gonna fall in love, fall in love Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow (Tomorrow) we're gonna fall in love, fall in love (Tomorrow) fall in love, fall in love (Tomorrow) fall in love, fall in love, (tomorrow) fall in love, fall in love We're gonna fall in love, fall in love, fall in love, fall in love with me (But tonight, when the feeling feels so right, we got all the love we need) 
anotherloverholenyohead-Prince[SEP]I gave my love, I gave my life, I gave my body and mind We were inseparable. I guess I gave u all of my time And now u plead insanity and u don't even know the score Why can't u learn 2 play the game? Baby, don't u know that u need more? (More, more, more)  U need another lover like u need a hole in yo head (baby, baby) U know there ain't no other that can do the duty in your bed, yeah  We were brothers and sisters United all for love Now all of the sudden (all of the sudden) U try 2 fight it (try 2 fight it) U say you've had enough (say u've had enough) Even though we had big fun (even though we had big fun) u want another someone (u want another someone) Yo happily ever after be (Sure as there's a sun) Sure as there's a sun, (I'm gonna be the 1) I'm gonna be the 1 and if (u don't understand) u don't understand face to face, (face to face) Baby I'll tell u down on my knee, yeah  U need another lover like u need a hole in yo head (baby, baby) U know there ain't no other that can do the duty in your bed Solo, solo...  (sing it)  Oh Lord  U need another lover U know there ain't no other U need another lover like u need a hole in yo head Hole in yo head. Hole in yo head U need another lover like u need a hole, a hole, a hole, a hole U need another lover U know there ain't no other  There's gonna be a riot, if u don't clap your hands, if u don't make that funky stand. Everybody. U know there ain't no other 
do u lie?-Prince[SEP](Les enfants qui mentent ne vont pas au paradis) [Translated: The children who lie don't go to paradise]  (Ok) Ok, Merci  When I lie awake in my boudoir I think of u dear Do u think of me, or do u lie, do u lie? When I'm in a sad and lonely mood dear, I cry 4 u dear (I cry 4 u) Do you cry 4 me, do u cry, do u cry?  When I need someone 2 talk 2, u're not around When I need another human's touch, I wear a frown 'cause u're uptown Going down, going down, going down  I, I, I don't lie to u (i i don't lie) When I say that I'm in love mama (mama, mama) I feel so good when u're near (mama, mama) Tell me do u feel it 2 Do u lie, do u lie? (or do u cry) Do u cry from the inside out dear Or are they only artificial tears? (artificial tears) Do u really mean it when u cry, When u cry, when u cry?  When I need someone 2 talk 2, (do u lie) u're not around (u're not around) u're not around (I wear a frown) When I need (tell me why) another human's touch, I wear a frown (tell me why u wanna go) Cause u're uptown (and leave me all alone)  Going down, going down, going down (goin' down) Going down, going down, going down (down, down, down) Going down, going down, going down (down, down, down)  When I lie awake in my boudoir (I think of u) I think of u dear (do u) Do y'all think of me, Or do u lie, do u lie? 
forever in my life-Prince[SEP]La da da da da da da da La da da da da da da da There comes a time, in every man's life When he get's tired of foolin' around Juggling hearts in a three ring circus Someday will drive a body down 2 the ground I never imagined that love would rain on me And make me want 2 settle down Baby it's true, I think I do And I just wanna tell U that I wanna with U (baby, if U do 2) And baby if U do 2 Forever, forever, baby I want U forever I wanna keep U 4 the rest of my life (U can make right) All that is wrong in my world (U are my saviour) U can make right (U are my light) U are my saviour, U are my light (Forever I want U in my life) Forever I want U in my life  (La da da da da da da da) (La da da da da da)  (Every man's journey) There comes a road in every man's journey (don't be afraid) A road that he's afraid 2 walk on his own (I'm at that road) I'm here 2 tell U that I'm at that road (I'd rather walk it with) And I'd rather walk it (U than walk it alone) with U than walk it alone (U are my future) U are my hero, U are my future (no past) When I am with U, I have no past Oh baby my one and only desire (make this feelin' last) Is find some way in this doggone world (sugar it's true) 2 make this feelin' last (I know I do) Oh baby it's true, I know I do (2 with U) And I just wanna tell U that I want 2 with U, yeah And baby if U do 2 Forever, forever, I want U baby, baby forever (U can make right) I wanna keep U 4 the rest of my life (U are my saviour) All that is wrong in my world (U are my light) U can make right (Forever I want U in my life) U are my saviour, U are my light (La da da da da da da da) Forever I want U in my life (La da da da da da da da)  La da da da da da da da La da da da da da  Forever in my life [repeated to fade] 
thieves in the temple-Prince[SEP]Love come quick Love come in a hurry There are thieves in the temple tonight  They don't care where they kick Just as long as they hurt u There are thieves in the temple tonight  Love if u're there come save me From all this cold despair I can hang when u're around But I'll surely die If u're not there  Love come quick Love come in a hurry There are thieves in the temple tonight  I feel like I'm looking for my soul (Soul) Like a poor man looking for gold (Gold) There are thieves in the temple tonight  Voices from the sky say rely on your best friend to pull u through But even if I wanted 2 I couldn't really truely 'cause my only friend is u  Come on  There are thieves in the temple tonight  Kicking me in my heart, tearing me all apart (Tearing me, tearing me, tearing me all apart) 'Cause me and u could have been a work of art Thieves in the temple  Baby don't u know I'm holding on The best that I can Love please help me be The better man  Better than the thieves in the temple In the temple tonight  Oh, thieves in the temple (Tonight) tonight Hurt me  Love come quick Love come in a hurry There are thieves in the temple tonight  Thieves in the temple  U said u loved me! (Thieves in the temple) U said I was your friend! (Thieves in the temple) U were supposed to take care of me! (Love come quick) {Thieves in the temple} U lie! Love come (Lie!) in a hurry (Lie!)  Thieves in the temple tonight 
private joy-Prince[SEP]My little secret, my private joy I could never let another play with my toy My little angel from heaven above Oh oh oh oh oh I think I'm falling in love And I ain't gonna tell nobody nobody 'bout my little pretty toy All the other kids would love to love you but you're my little private joy My private joy - you're my private joy Private joy - such a pretty toy Joy, you are my private joy  U're my little lover, Orgasmatron Only I know, only I know, baby, what turns you on U're my little secret neon light Girl I wanna turn it on turn it on turn it on every night  Ain't gonna tell nobody nobody 'bout my little pretty toy All the other kids would love to love you but you're my little private joy My private joy - you're my private joy Private joy - such a pretty toy Joy - oh my private joy  Shoot me up baby, let's take a trip I can't get enough can't get enough of your private private joy joy Joy - such a such a pretty toy Joy - you are my private joy Joy - shoot me up baby, let's take a trip Joy - can't get enough of your private Joy - come on honey baby get up, get up  I strangled Valentino (He strangled Valentino) Been mine ever since (been his ever since) If anybody asks you (if anybody asks u) You belong to Prince (you belong to Prince) Come on baby, get up, get up, get up, get up 
npg operator-Prince[SEP]Please access another experience Please access another experience Please access another ex.. 
strollin'-Prince[SEP]Close the shop, let's take a drive Take a break from 9 to 5 It's so great to be alive, oh yeah We could rent some roller skates We could skate around the lake If we don't know how, we'll fake it, oh yeah  Strollin', strollin' we could have fun just strollin' Rockin', rollin', oh yeah  Let's forget about the time (time) Let's relax and ease our mind (mind) We deserve to just feel fine, oh yeah We could stroll the mezzanine (stroll) Buy some dirty magazine Laugh behind it while we're eatin' ice cream (ha ha ha ha)  Strollin', strollin' we could have fun just strollin' Rockin', rollin' oh yeah  See the man with the blue guitar Maybe one day he'll be a star Give him your ice cream and I'll give him the keys to my car There's so much hate goin' round Hard to not let it get you down Least we can do is make a joyful sound, oh yeah  Strollin', strollin', we could have fun just strollin' Rockin', rollin', oh yeah  Strollin', strollin' Rockin', rollin' (we could have fun, we could have fun) Oh yeah (just strollin')  Close the shop, let's take a ride (strollin', strollin') Take a break from 9 to 5 (we could have fun just strollin') It's so great, so great to be alive (Rockin', rollin', oh yeah)  Oh yeah, strollin', strollin' (Strollin', strollin') (we could have fun just strollin') Rockin', Rollin' (Rockin', rollin', oh yeah)  Oh yeah, strollin', strollin' (Strollin', strollin') (we could have fun just strollin') (Rockin', rollin', oh yeah)  Oh yeah, strollin', strollin' (Strollin', strollin') (we could have fun just strollin') Oh yeah 
dance on-Prince[SEP]Oh, pick it up! There's a bass guitar in this  Grenade Launcher roars in a television sky Tell me how many young brothers must die  Dance on, dance on Dance on, dance on  Little Talk Johnny blew the big score The gang nailed his feet 2 a wooden floor Nuclear Ban never stays in tune They all know the words but the music is doomed  Everybody Dance on, dance on Dance on, dance on Pick it up Dance on, dance on  Dance on, dance on Dance on, dance on  A bass guitar in spider webs, longing 4 the funk Uzi gun takes his place in a wagon trunk (get off me, punk, U ain't sexy) Stealin' ladies purses then settin' them a'flame M&M killers playin' Mickey Mouse games  Lord have mercy Dance on, dance on (Dance on) Dance on, dance on (Dance on)  It's time 4 new education The former rules don't apply We need a power structure that breeds production Instead of jacks who vandalize Detroit - what's happenin'?  What color is your money today? [this is sung in a round] Get your money straight Everybody dance on 
housequake-Prince[SEP]Shut up already, damn! Tell me who in this house know about the quake? (We do) I mean really, really If you know how 2 rock say 'yeah' (yeah) If U know how 2 party say 'oh yeah' (oh yeah) But if U ain't hip 2 the rare house quake: Shut up already, damn!  Housequake Everybody jump up and down Housequake There's a brand new groove going round (housequake) In your funky town (housequake) And the kick drum is the fault You gotta rock this mother, say (housequake) We gotta rock this mother, say (housequake)  We're gonna show U what 2 do U put your foot down on the 2 U jump up on the one Now you're having fun You're doing the housequake Yeah  Question: Does anybody know about the quake? (yeah!) Bullshit! U can't get off until U make the house shake Now everybody clap your hands Come on Let's jam y'all Let's jam Don't wait 4 your neighbor Green eggs and ham Doin' the housequake  There's a brand new groove goin' round In your city, in your town: Housequake And the kick drum is the fault  Housequake, (housequake), housequake U gotta rock this mother (U gotta rock this mother) Housequake, housequake U gotta rock this mother down Come on  Housequake, housequake  Now that U got it, let's do the twist A little bit harder than they did in '66 A little bit faster than they did in '67 Twist little sister and go 2 heaven Come on y'all, we got 2 jam Before the police come A groove this funky is on the run Hey yeah! Shake your body 'til your neighbors stare at cha!  Quake, quake, quake, quake, quake, quake  Housequake Everybody, everybody jump up and down Housequake There's a brand new (groove) groove that's going round Housequake In this city, in this funky town Housequake And the saxophone is the fault Check it out If U can't rock steady Shut up already, damn, U got 2 get off! U know what I'm talking about? On the one y'all say, housequake Top of your body, let me hear U shout Say, housequake My lord, (housequake) My lord, (housequake) Bullshit Louder, say it (housequake) Shock-a-lock-a boom! What was that? After shock! Everybody, everybody U gotta rock, U gotta rock Come on  We're gonna shake, we're gonna quake Cuz we got the baddest groove that we could a make We on then 2, y'all The drummer's gonna tap We gonna see if we can rock this mother 2 the max And that's a fact Housequake Come on say it (housequake) (come on) U can't follow it We got the baddest jam in the land Everybody shut up, listen 2 the band Housequake Shut up already, damn 
strange relationship-Prince[SEP]I guess U know me well, I don't like winter But I seem 2 get a kick out of doing U cold Oh, what the hell, U always surrender What's this strange relationship that we hold on 2? Baby I just can't stand 2 see U happy More than that I hate 2 see U sad Honey if U left me I just might do something rash What's this strange relationship? (ship, ship, ship)  I came and took your love, I took your body I took all the self respect U ever had I took U 4 a ride and baby I'm sorry The more U love me sugar, the more it makes me mad  Baby I just can't stand 2 see U happy More than that I hate 2 see U sad Honey if U left me I just might do something rash What's this strange relationship? (ship, ship, ship)  Isn't it a shame this ain't a movie Then U could rewrite my every line I'll take all the blame, yo baby I'm sorry But I didn't like the way U where, so I had 2 make U mine  Baby I just can't stand 2 see U happy More than that I hate 2 see U sad Honey if U left me I just might do something rash What's this strange relationship? (ship, ship, ship)  Mmmmm, my strange relationship Can't live with U, can't live without U That's all about.. Do U know? (strange relationship) I think U and I got a (strange relationship) What's this strange relationship? Yeah, yeah [repeated to fade] 
daddy pop-Prince[SEP]Oh Daddy Oooh, sock it to me  See my brother talkin' plently head Steady wishin' he could sleep in your bed Steady wishin' he was in your car Just a steady wishin' that he was who you are  Pop Daddy - Daddy Pop Brother steady talkin' while The girlies steady hop Pop Daddy - Daddy Pop Punchin' in the rock and roll clock (oh Daddy)  See all the people wonder why You set your goals high - high as the sky See the people runnin' from the truth Livin' in the past When they need to be livin' the new  Pop Daddy (oh yeah) - Daddy Pop Brother steady talkin' while The girlies steady hop Pop Daddy - Daddy Pop Punchin' in the rock and roll clock  Pop - Daddy Pop Pop - Punchin' in the rock and roll clock Talk, guitar, talk  (oh daddy)  Daddy Pop is the writer and love is the book U better look it over before you overlook  One - Oh Daddy Two - Oh yeah Three - Ooo, sock it to me Four - Oh (come on), your the best  See all my critics wastin' time Worryin' about the Daddy while he beat you blind Get your life together - stop your cryin' Whenever you say that you can't - That's when you need to be tryin'  Pop Daddy - Daddy Pop (oh daddy) Brother steady talkin' while (steady, steady, steady) The girlies steady hop Pop Daddy - Daddy Pop Punchin' in the rock and roll clock (punchin' in... punchin' in)  What kind of fool is this, that thinks Daddy will miss What kind of boy would dis, a list, as long as his-tory itself I got grooves and grooves up on the shelf (oh daddy) Deep purple concord jams (oh yeah) This party I will slam (I don't think) I don't think you understand (sock it to me) Whatever you can't do - Daddy can The one and only Daddy Pop (oh Daddy) One and only - Daddy Pop  Pop Daddy - Daddy Pop (Oh no, my brother) Brother steady talkin' while The girlies steady hop (there ain't no stoppin') Pop Daddy - Daddy Pop (Check the record, yeah!) Punchin' in the rock and roll clock  Poppa Daddy's commin' (Ring di di ding) comebody's calling "The jester's on the phone!" Oh yeah? Rosie tell him I ain't home He just one in a long line that wanna see me!  Daddy Pop  (Oh Daddy) (Oh yeah) (Oh Daddy) (Oh yeah)  Daddy Pop (oh Daddy) Daddy Pop (oh yeah) Daddy Pop (oh Daddy) Daddy Pop (oh yeah)  Daddy Pop lead the band As I step to the mic and lend a hand (oh daddy) To the funky groove, let's make the whole house move Yo band let me hear you say ooooo ((ooooo)) (oh yeah) That's right, we're gonna turn this mother out tonight We ain't leavin' 'til they (oh daddy) Gonna have to turn off the lights And if they do then what we gonna do? ((Trash it up cause we ain't through)) (oh yeah) Yeah hit it, it's time to get with it, huh I ain't no angel so 2 hell with playin' innocent (oh daddy) Those who came to party know just what I'm talkin about So come on y'all (oh yeah) Wave your hand in the air, everybody Wave your hand in the air (oh daddy) For the funkiest band in the land and don't forget The P-A-R-T-Y-M-A-N (oh yeah)  Peace (Daddy Pop) (oh daddy) Yeah, peace (Daddy Pop) (oh yeah) Like I said right about now (Daddy Pop) (oh daddy) NPG is like aaaaaaaa (Daddy Pop) (oh yeah)  Ha! 
papa-Prince[SEP]There was 1 September day that Papa worked 2 hard First he crucified every dandelion out in the yard Then he screamed at baby twice 4 throwin' rocks at passin' cars Baby didn't listen, so like a priceless work of art He got snatched by his Papa who then opened up the closet door And pushed the four-year-old down, onto the closet floor Baby cried "I'm sorry, I won't do it no more" Papa said "Yeah, I know, that's what this here's 4" Smack! Ooh Papa... Smack! Smack! Ooh Papa...Papa... Smack! Ooh Papa... Smack! Smack! Ooh Papa...Papa...  As the door closes, baby starts 2 cry "Please don't lock me up again, without a reason why" Papa just went outside and pointed a shotgun up in the sky He said "How come I don't love my woman?" Then he took aim and died  Boom! Papa... Boom! Boom! Papa...Papa Boom! Papa... Boom! Boom! Papa...Papa...  Don't abuse children, or else they turn out like me  Fair 2 partly crazy, deep down we're all the same Every single 1 of us knows some kind of pain In the middle of all that's crazy, this 1 fact still remains If u love somebody, your life won't be in vain And there's always a rainbow, at the end of every rain 
thunder-Prince[SEP]Thunder - all thru the night Promise to see Jesus in the morning light Take my hand, it'll be alright C'mon save your soul tonight  Oooo - Thunder Yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah  Love - nobody know just how it was born Love - first came to me with the radio on Jumped up in my body with an attitude Kissed me on the mouth and said "Your leader take me to"  'Twas like thunder all thru the night And a promise to see jesus in the morning light Love say "Take my hand, it'll be alright C'mon save your soul tonight"  Love's kiss was running all thru my veins The bed started shakin', I don't know who to blame Me or this flower right in front of my eyes Is this my sweet savior or the devil in disguise  'Twas like thunder (oh) all thru the night (all through) Promise to see jesus in the morning light Love say "Take my hand, it'll be alright C'mon save your soul tonight"  Thunder - hey hey Yeah yeah yeah yeah  (it was truly truly) Like rain falling on a window pane Tears came to my eyes when I asked her name Made me holler when it finally came Said "Only the children born of me will remain"  'Twas like thunder all thru the night And a promise to see Jesus in the morning light (mornin' light) Love say "Take my hand, it'll be alright C'mon save your soul tonight"  Thunder  It will be all right (all right) (it was truly like thunder) Don't do it like that, do it like this Oh oh (thunder) oh oh (thunder) oh ohhhhhh  Thunder (thunder)  (thunder)  (it was truley truly like)  Like thunder (thunder) all thru the night (thunder yeah) Promise to see Jesus in the morning light (it will be all right) Love say "Take my hand, it'll be alright (it's gonna be alright) C'mon save your soul tonight"  Ooooo Thunder Thunder, thunder yeah yeah yeah Thunder Ooooo thunder Thunder  Ooooo Thunder Ooooo Ooooo thunder Thunder Ooooo thunder Thunder Ooooo (thunder) thunder  Thunder Thunder ohhh 
money don't matter 2 night-Prince[SEP]One more card and it's 22 Unlucky 4 him again He never had respect 4 money it's true That's why he never wins That's why he never ever has enough 2 treat his lady right He just pushes her away in a huff And says 'Money don't matter 2 night'  Money don't matter 2 night It sure didn't matter yesterday Just when u think u've got more than enough That's when it all up and flies away That's when u find out that u're better off Makin' sure your soul's alright Cuz money didn't matter yesterday, And it sure don't matter 2 night  Look, here's a cool investment They're tellin' him he just can't lose So he goes off and tries to find a partner But all he finds are users (users) All he finds are snakes in ever color Every nationality and size Seems like the only thing he can do Is just roll his eyes, and say that...  Money don't matter 2 night (don't matter) It sure didn't matter yesterday Just when u think u've got more than enough That's when it all up and flies away That's when u find out that u're better off Makin' sure your soul's alright (soul's alright) Cuz money didn't matter yesterday, (don't matter) And it sure don't matter 2 night  (ooh-wee-ooh, don't matter) (it don't matter 2 night, no)  Hey now, maybe we can find a good reason 2 send a child off 2 war So what if we're controllin' all the oil, Is it worth a child dying 4? (is it worth it?) If long life is what we all live 4 Then long life will come 2 pass Anything is better than the picture of the child In a cloud of gas And u think u got it bad  Money don't matter 2 night (no, don't matter) It sure didn't matter yesterday (yesterday) Just when u think u've got more than enough That's when it all up and flies away (flies away, flies away) That's when u find out that u're better off Makin' sure your soul's alright (make certain that your soul's alright) Cuz money didn't matter yesterday, ... it sure don't matter 2 night  Money don't matter 2 night It sure didn't matter yesterday (yesterday, yesterday) Just when u think u've got more than enough That's when it all up and flies away (flies away, flies away) That's when u find out that u're better off Makin' sure your soul's alright Money didn't matter yesterday, And it sure don't matter 2 night 
new power generation (pt. ii)-Prince[SEP]Don't pick my apples, don't pick my peaches (we r the new power generation) Leave my tree alone...leave it alone...leave it alone (we r the new power generation) Don't u look at me (we r the new power generation) If you're sad and u know it and u think u want to blow it Let your feelings out, love is there  Just go!  Kid! Yo Kid! I got ta do this, I got the noise, I got ta do this So pump the big noise, c'mon in the house...  This here rap's about the true confession If ya listen close u 'bout to learn a lesson U must know failure before success Now this is the failure I must confess (well...) I was hanging onto life trying deal with this Playing the games, almost got dismissed Cocaine was the thing that I took on And nowhere was the place that I was going (preacher, cmon on) I must tell the truth, I cannot lie I was headed 4 the kill, steal, destroy, and die Top 2 the bottom 2 bottom 2 top Success is where I'm headed there ain't no doubt Success is something that we all want But the truth is what we need to reach our point I had to give this message the so-called truth I hope it's somthing in it that's there 4 u {on top of: Love to the left of me, love to the right Come on make a noise, somebody Party tonight! (oh yeah!)} Like I told ya before, I'm a tell ya again Success is something that's deep within So remember the truth you cant go wrong The flesh is weak and the spirit is strong I know it to do this rap, and I know its right 'cause I did it in the name of Jesus Christ (cmon somebody lets party tonite) Party tonight! (oh yeah!)  You want me 2 what?? (shake!) What? (shake! shake!) Awww, right  The New Power Generation has just taken control 
delirious-Prince[SEP]I get delirious whenever you're near Lose all self-control, baby just can't steer Wheels get locked in place Stupid look on my face  It comes 2 makin' a pass, pretty mama I just can't win a race  'Cuz I get delirious (Delirious) Delirious (Delirious) Delirious (Delirious)  I get delirious when you hold my hand (Delirious) Body gets so weak I can hardly stand My temperature's runnin' hot Baby you got 2 stop  'Cuz if you don't I'm gonna explode And girl I got a lot  I get delirious (Delirious) (Yeah) Delirious (Delirious) Delirious (Delirious)  I get delirious whenever you're near (Delirious) Girl you gotta take control 'cuz I just can't steer You're just 2 much 2 take I can't stop I ain't got no brakes  Girl you gotta take me 4 a little ride up and down In and out and around your lake  I'm delirious (Delirious) You, you, you get me delirious (Delirious) Baby, lay me down Delirious (Delirious) The room, the room, the room is spinnin' around (Delirious) Yeah, I'm delirio, yeah, oh I'm, oh I'm (Delirious) Yeah, delirious, yeah (Delirious) It's got me in repair, everybody u gotta (Delirious) Everybody, oh Lord, oh yeah, I'm delirious (Delirious) Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah (Delirious) (Delirious) (Delirious) (Delirious) (Delirious) (Delirious) (Delirious) 
rock hard in a funky place-Prince[SEP]Does anybody know you're here? This house of ill-repute (Ooohh honey I'm scared of u) Tryin' 2 deal with all your fears I guess this is what u get 4 being cute (Cute, cute) Soaked in banana cologne No wonder you're all alone It's written all over your face You're just-a rock hard in a funky place  Rock hard in a funky place  Here comes a lady so u cover up She's a freaked out, Funky electric mama with double cups Say u, u could cop if u wanted 2 Because something near your leg Is haunting u, such a disgrace U're rock hard in a funky place, ow!  Rock hard in a funky place  U was workin' on the line U could drop on her But u couldn't concentrate When your dick saw her Maybe if u cop a nut in the car (Maybe if u cop a nut in the car) Maybe u could think About playing guitar  (Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock) (Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock) Oh yeah  Rock hard in a funky place  All you're looking 4 is love Or a reason 2 believe there's a God above Pretty soon you'll get enough And head back 2 a life so tough I just hate 2 see an erection go 2 waste I'm just-a rock hard in a funky place  Rock hard in a funky place Say it Rock hard in a funky place Rock hard in a funky place Oohh U rock hard in a funky place U rock hard in a funky place Say it, y'all  (rock, rock) what? (rock, rock, rock, rock) We gotta go, y'all tune in next week (rock, rock) Same time (rock, rock) same boogie (rock, rock, rock, rock, rock hard) oohhh yeah (rock, rock, rock, rock) we will rock, y'all (rock, rock)  But until then keep your finger on the trigger That's the only way it'll get bigger  (What kind of fuck ending was that?) 
so blue-Prince[SEP]I had everything I needed But now my life is so blue You meant the world to me But now you're gone and I'm so blue  Even though the sun is shining I spend my day, I spend my day crying over you Oh yeah, I spend my day crying over you I feel just like the sky, oh, so blue  Oh baby, don't you know? Baby don't you know? I spend my nights, it's all alone Talking to myself, I am so blue  And everyday the feeling gets stronger And who's to say, just how much longer I can spend my nights all alone  Talking to myself and just crying over you I guess I'll just spend my life So, so blue 
arrogance-Prince[SEP]Why are you so arrogant? (Th....Th...There he is!) (Th....There he is!) (Th....Th...There he is!)  What makes a man wanna rule the world? (A double A double arrogance) (u got it) Make him man enough to say he's 50-50 girl (A double A double arrogance) (u got it) What makes a man wanna curse and swear? (A double A double arrogance) (u got it) Then blame it on heaven cuz he's already there Pimprag, tootsie pop, and a cane  What makes a man wanna play guitar? (A double A double arrogance) (u got it) Same thing that makes him wanna be a star (A double A double arrogance) (u got it) What makes him wanna see his name in lights? (A double A double arrogance) (u got it) ...it was the same thing that made Eve take the 1st bite Pimprag, tootsie pop, and a cane  (Don't make me get up) (There he is, get him) (Don't make me get up) Like a flame she came and I was no longer cold That's a little shady, for this lady was only 16 years old. 
the max-Prince[SEP]Where are u? U can relax now, the Max is in control Go... yeah yeah  When my back is so far back it's on the other side of the wall When half a chance is all I get if I get a chance at all When the going gets tougher than the tough can go I grind the axe - that's when I go, I go, I go 2 the max. I go  The max - Yo baby, tell me where the party's at The max - Yo baby, I wanna shuffle the cards in that stack (I go) The max - We can dance if u want 2, but I might break yo back The max - More funk for your buck u can bet on that  When they tell me 2 walk a straight line I put on crooked shoes When they tell me that I can't live forever I pay some overdues (Kick it) When they start makin' up a crazy rule That's when I break a back Cuz when I go, I go, I go 2 the max. I go  The max - Yo baby (oh yeah), tell me where the party's at The max - Yo baby, I wanna shuffle the cards in that stack (oh, yeah yeah) The max - We can dance if u want 2 (ooh yeah), but I might break yo back (2 the max) The max - More funk for your buck u can bet on that  Let's go Let's go Let's go Let's go Oh, yeah yeah!  (Dig it) When my body starts to shiver from the chill of The scarlett sweat When my lips eclipse the sun and the moon Reflecting from the wet When the blood of my love outraces Every one of the stallions in your pack - that's when U go, u go, u go 2 the max. U go  The max (2 the max) The max (oooh, get funky) The max (get-get-get funky) (2 the max) The max (get funky)  Let' go I think I'm gonna like this  Let's go (dance) I wanna dance Let's go Let's go Let's go (Oh yeah yeah!)  I go 2 the max I'm not afraid (oh my god) I wanna dance  Then listen - When the going gets tougher than the tough can go I grind the axe - that's when I go, I go, I go 2 the max. I go  The max - Yo baby, tell me where the party's at The max - Yo baby, I wanna shuffle the cards in that stack The max - We can dance if u want 2, but I might break yo back The max - More funk for your buck u can bet on that  This is the max  Dear love, dear love, dear love Forgive me 4 my sins But u left me in such a cold cold world to suffer in (kick it) And Contrary 2 popular belief Even though one's life is brief If u go there once u Come again and again and Let's go  (I'm so sorry for u...)  This is the max 
when doves cry-Prince[SEP]Dig if you will the picture Of you and I engaged in a kiss The sweat of your body covers me Can you my darling Can you picture this?  Dream if you can a courtyard An ocean of violets in bloom Animals strike curious poses They feel the heat The heat between me and you  How can you just leave me standing? Alone in a world that's so cold? (So cold) Maybe I'm just too demanding Maybe I'm just like my father, too bold Maybe you're just like my mother She's never satisfied (She's never satisfied) Why do we scream at each other This is what it sounds like When doves cry  Touch if you will my stomach Feel how it trembles inside You've got the butterflies all tied up Don't make me chase you Even doves have pride  How can you just leave me standing? Alone in a world so cold? (World so cold) Maybe I'm just too demanding Maybe I'm just like my father, too bold Maybe you're just like my mother She's never satisfied (She's never satisfied) Why do we scream at each other This is what it sounds like When doves cry  How can you just leave me standing? Alone in a world that's so cold? (A world that's so cold) Maybe you're just too demanding (Maybe, maybe I'm like my father) Maybe I'm just like my father, too bold (Ya know he's too bold) Maybe you're just like my mother (Maybe you're just like my mother) She's never satisfied (She's never, never satisfied) Why do we scream at each other (Why do we scream, why) This is what it sounds like  When doves cry When doves cry (Doves cry, doves cry) When doves cry (Doves cry, doves cry)  Don't Cry (Don't Cry)  When doves cry When doves cry When doves cry  When Doves cry (Doves cry, doves cry, doves cry Don't cry Darling don't cry Don't cry Don't cry Don't don't cry 
breathe-Faith Hill[SEP]I can feel the magic floating in the air Being with you gets me that way I watch the sunlight dance across your face and I've Never been this swept away  All my thoughts just seem to settle on the breeze When I'm lying wrapped up in your arms The whole world just fades away The only thing I hear Is the beating of your heart  'Cause I can feel you breathe It's washing over me Suddenly I'm melting into you There's nothing left to prove Baby all we need is just to be Caught up in the touch The slow and steady rush Baby, isn't that the way that love's supposed to be I can feel you breathe Just breathe  In a way I know my heart is waking up As all the walls come tumbling down I'm closer than I've ever felt before And I know And you know There's no need for words right now  'Cause I can feel you breathe It's washing over me Suddenly I'm melting into you There's nothing left to prove Baby all we need is just to be Caught up in the touch The slow and steady rush Baby, isn't that the way that love's supposed to be I can feel you breathe Just breathe  Caught up in the touch The slow and steady rush Baby, isn't that the way that love's supposed to be I can feel you breathe Just breathe  I can feel the magic floating in the air Being with you gets me that way 
why me-Kris Kristofferson[SEP]Why me Lord what have I ever done To deserve even one of the pleasures I've known Tell me, Lord, what did I ever do That was worth lovin' you or the kindness you've shown  Lord help me, Jesus, I've wasted it so Help me Jesus I know what I am But now that I know that I've needed you so Help me, Jesus, my soul's in your hand  Try me, Lord, if you think there's a way I can try to repay all I've taken from you Maybe Lord I can show someone else What I've been through myself, on my way back to you  Lord help me, Jesus, I've wasted it so Help me Jesus I know what I am But now that I know that I've needed you so Help me, Jesus, my soul's in your hand  Lord help me, Jesus, I've wasted it so Help me Jesus I know what I am But now that I know that I've needed you so Help me Jesus my souls in your hand Jesus, my soul's in your hand. 
trap queen-Fetty Wap[SEP]RGF productions Remy Boyz, yah-ah 1738  I'm like "Hey, what's up? Hello" Seen your pretty ass soon as you came in the door I just wanna chill, got a sack for us to roll Married to the money, introduced her to my stove Showed her how to whip it, now she remixing for low She my trap queen, let her hit the bando We be counting up, watch how far them bands go We just set a goal, talking matching Lambos At 56 a gram, 5 a 100 grams though Man, I swear I love her, how she work the damn pole Hit the strip club, we be letting bands go Everybody hating, we just call them fans, though In love with the money, I ain't never letting go  And I get high with my baby I just left the mall, I'm getting fly with my baby, yeah And I can ride with my baby I be in the kitchen cooking pies with my baby, yeah And I can ride with my baby I just left the mall, I'm getting fly with my baby, yeah And I can ride with my baby I be in the kitchen cooking pies  I'm like, "Hey, what's up? Hello"  I hit the strip with my trap queen, 'cause all we know is bands I just might snatch up a 'Rari and buy my boo a Lamb' I might just snatch her a necklace, drop a couple on a ring She ain't wanting for nothing because I got her everything It's big ZooWap from the bando Remind me where I can't go Remy Boyz got the stamp though Count up hella them bands though Boy how far can your bands go? Fetty Wap, I'm living fifty thousand K how I stand though If you checking for my pockets I'm like…  And I get high with my baby I just left the mall, I'm getting fly with my baby, yeah And I can ride with my baby I be in the kitchen cooking pies with my baby, yeah And I can ride with my baby I just left the mall, I'm getting fly with my baby, yeah And I can ride with my baby I be in the kitchen cooking pies  I'm like, "Hey, what's up? Hello" Seen yo pretty ass soon as you came in the door I just wanna chill, got a sack for us to roll Married to the money, introduced her to my stove Showed her how to whip it, now she remixing for low She my trap queen, let her hit the bando We be counting up, watch how far them bands go We just set a goal, talking matching Lambos At 56 a gram, 5 a 100 grams though Man, I swear I love her how she work the damn pole Hit the strip club, we be letting bands go Everybody hating, we just call them fans though In love with the money, I ain't never letting go  I be smoking dope and you know Backwoods what I roll Remy Boyz, Fetty eating shit up, that's fasho I'll run in ya house, then I'll fuck your hoe 'Cause Remy Boyz or nothing Re-Re-Remy Boyz or nothing  [Nitt Da Gritt:] (She my trap queen) Yeah, you hear my boy (She my trap queen) Sounding like a zillion bucks on the track (She my trap queen) I got whatever on my boy, whatever (And I get high with my baby) Put your money where your mouth is Money on the wood make the game go good Money out of sight cause fights Put up or shut up, huh? Nitt Da Gritt, RGF Productions (ZooWap) 
bad, bad leroy brown-Jim Croce[SEP]Woah!  Well, the South side of Chicago Is the baddest part of town And if you go down there You better just beware Of a man named Leroy Brown  Now Leroy more than trouble You see he stand 'bout six foot four All the downtown ladies call him "Treetop Lover" All the men just call him "Sir"  And it's bad, bad Leroy Brown The baddest man in the whole damned town Badder than old King Kong And meaner than a junkyard dog  Now Leroy he's a gambler And he likes his fancy clothes And he likes to wave his diamond rings In front of everybody's nose  He got a custom Continental He got an Eldorado too He got a 32 gun in his pocket for fun He got a razor in his shoe  And it's bad, bad Leroy Brown The baddest man in the whole damned town Badder than old King Kong Meaner than a junkyard dog  Now Friday bout a week ago Leroy shootin' dice And at the edge of the bar Sat a girl named Doris And ooh that girl looked nice  Well he cast his eyes upon her And the trouble soon began Cause Leroy Brown, he learned a lesson 'Bout messin' with the wife of a jealous man  And it's bad, bad Leroy Brown The baddest man in the whole damned town Badder than old King Kong And meaner than a junkyard dog  Well the two men took to fightin' And when they pulled them from the floor Leroy looked like a jigsaw puzzle With a couple of pieces gone  And it's bad, bad Leroy Brown The baddest man in the whole damn town Badder than old King Kong And meaner than a junkyard dog  And it's bad, bad Leroy Brown The baddest man in the whole damned town Badder than old King Kong And meaner than a junkyard dog Yeah, badder than old King Kong And meaner than a junkyard dog 
do that to me one more time-Captain & Tennille[SEP]Do that to me one more time Once is never enough with a man like you Do that to me one more time I can never get enough of a man like you  Oh, kiss me like you just did Oh baby Do that to me once again  Pass that by me one more time Once is never enough for my heart to hear Oh, tell it to me one more time I can never hear enough while I've got you near  Say those words again like you just did Oh baby Tell it to me once again  Do that to me one more time Once is never enough with a man like you Woah, do that to me one more time I can never get enough of a man like you  Oh kiss me like you just did Oh baby Do that to me once again  Oh baby Do that to me once again Oh baby Do that to me one more time  (Do it again) one more time (Do it again) one more time (Do it again) one more time (Do it again) one more time (Do it again) one more time (Do it again) one more time 
love will keep us together-Captain & Tennille[SEP]Love, love will keep us together Think of me babe whenever Some sweet talking girl comes along, singing a song Don't mess around you just gotta be strong  Just stop 'cause I really love you Stop, I've been thinking of you Look in my heart and let love keep us together  You, you belong to me now Ain't gonna set ya free now When those girls start hanging around, talking me down Hear with your heart and ya won't hear a sound  Just stop 'cause I really love you Stop, I been thinking of you Look in my heart and let love keep us together, whatever  Young and beautiful But someday your looks'll be gone When the others turn you off Who'll be turning you on I will, I will, I will  I will be there to share forever Love will keep us together I said it before and I'll say it again While others pretend I need ya now and I need ya then  Just stop 'cause I really love you Stop, I been thinking of you Look in my heart and let love keep us together, whatever I will, I will, I will, I will  You better stop 'cause I really love you Stop, I've been thinking of you Look in my heart and let love keep us together, whatever I will, I will, I will, I will (Da da da da...) 
what a day that was-Talking Heads[SEP]Well, I'm dressed up so nice An' I'm doin' my best Yes I'm startin' over.. Startin' over in another place  Lemme tell you a story Big chief with a golden crown He's got rings on his finger And then he walks up, up to the throne  He's makin' shapes with his hands An' don't choo dare sit down Now don't choo dare jump back And don't choo dare stick out!  And on the first day, we had everything we could hold Ooh and then we let if all And on the second day, there was nothing else left to do Ooh what a day that was.  There are 50,000 beggars Roaming in the streets They have lost all their possessions They have nothing left to eat  Down come a bolt of lightning Now an electrical storm Starts a chain reaction Go pull a fire alarm  I'm dreaming of a city It was my own invention And I put the wheels in motion A time for big decisions  And on the first day, we had everything we could hold Ooh and then we let if all And on the second day, there was nothing else left to do Oohh what a day that was.  Oh a day that was Ooh that's the way it goes There's a million ways- to get things done Three's a million ways- to make things work out.  Well I'm going right trough And the light came down Well they're roundin' 'em up from all over town  They're movin' forward and back They're movin' backwards and front And they're enjoying themselves Moving in ev'ry direction  So if you feel like you're in a whirlpool You feel like going home And if you feel like talking to someone Who know the difference between right and wrong  And on the first day, we had everything we could hold Ooh and then we let if all And on the second day, there was nothing else left to do Ooh what a day that was.  We're going boom boom boom That's the way we live And in a great big room and That's the way we live. 
paper-Talking Heads[SEP]Hold the paper up to the light (some rays pass right through) Expose yourself out there for a minute (some rays pass right through)  Take a little rest when the rays pass through Take a little time off when the rays pass through  Go ahead and mis it up...Go ahead and tie it up In a long distance telephone call  Hold on to that paper Hold on to that paper Hold on becuase it's been taken care of Hold on to that paper  See if you can fit it on the paper See if you can get it on the paper See if you can fit it on the paper See if you can get it on the paper  Had a love affair but it was only paper (some rays they pass right through) Had a lot of fun, could have been a lot better (some rays they pass right through)  Take a little consideration, take every combination Take a few weeks off, make it tighter, tighter But it was never, it was never written down Still might be a chance that it might work out (if you)  Hold on to that paper Hold on to that paper Hold on because it'll be taken care of Hold on to that paper  Don't think I can fit it on the paper Don't think I can get it on the paper Go ahead and rip up, rip up the paper Go ahead and tear up, tear up the paper 
love → building on fire(2005 reissue bonus track)-Talking Heads[SEP]When my love Stands next to your love I can't compare love When it's not love  It's not love It's not love Which is my face Which is a building Which is on fire On fire  When my love Stands next to your love I can't define love When it's not love  It's not love It's not love Which is my face Which is a building Which is on fire  I've got two loves I've got two loves And they go tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet like little birds They're my two loves And they go tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet like little birds They're my two loves Count them one, two loves Count them one, two loves Which is my face Which is a building Which is on fire On fire  When my love Stands next to your love I can't define love When it's not love  It's not love It's not love Which is my face Which is a building Which is on fire 
hey now-Talking Heads[SEP]I wanna bicycle I wanna popsicle I wanna space face Buy me a cherry face now  Hey now! Hey now! Hey now now! Hey now! Hey now! Hey now now!  I wanna video I wanna rock and roll Take me to the shopping mall Buy me a rubber ball now  Hey now! Hey now! Hey now now! Hey now! Hey now! Hey now now!  Every night sun goes down And the people are staying at home You can tell your momma & daddy Leave those children alone  They know what they're doin' They ain't runnin' away Uncle John said, "Tell Aunt Mary I got nothing to say" (And she say:)  Hey now! Hey now! Hey now now! Hey now! Hey now! Hey now now!  Ho--- Would the light come hitcha in the eye Hey--- Gonna stop, gonna getcha by surprise!  Every night when the sun goes down And the people are staying at home You can tell your momma & daddy Leave those children alone  They know what they're doin' They ain't runnin' away Uncle John said, "Tell Aunt Mary I got nothing to say" (And she said!)  Hey now Hey now Hey now now Hey now Hey now Hey now now  Ho--- Would the light come hitcha in the eye Hey--- Gonna stop, gonna getcha by surprise  I am the king of the world The boss of the boys & girls You can live till a 100 & 10 If you listen to what I said  Hey now Hey now Hey now now Hey now Hey now Hey now now  Hey now Hey now Hey now now Hey now Hey now Hey now now  Hey now Hey now Hey now now Hey now Hey now Hey now now 
warning sign-Talking Heads[SEP]Warning sign, warning sign, I see it but I pay it no mind. Hear my voice, hear my voice, It's saying something and I hope you're concentrating I've got money now, I've got money now, C'mon baby, c'mon baby.  Warning sign of things to come (take it over, take it over) Someone's talking on my telephone (when we're older, when we're older) Hear my voice, move my hair. I move it around a lot, but I don't care. (what I remember)  Warning sign, warning sign, Look at my hair, I like the design. It's the truth, it's the truth. Your glassy eyes and your open mouth Take it easy, take it easy, It's a natural thing and you have to relax, I've got money now, I've got money now. C'mon baby, C'mon baby. Warning sign, of things to come (turn me over, turn me over) Love is here but I guess it's gone now (hurry up babe, hurry up babe), Hear my voice, move my hair. I move it around a lot, but I don't care.  Do you remember What it is that you remember Baby remember Baby remember. 
(love goes to) building on fire-Talking Heads[SEP]When my love Stands next to your love, I can't define love When it's not love.  It's not love. It's not love. Which is my face, Which is a building, Which is on fire.  When my love Stands next to your love, I can't define love When it's not love.  It's not love. It's not love. Which is my face, Which is a building, Which is on fire.  I've got two loves I've got two loves And they go tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, like little birds They're my two loves... Count them one, two loves... Count them one, two loves. Which is my face Which is a building Which is on fire  It's not love. It's not love. Which is my face, Which is a building, Which is on fire. 
i feel it in my heart(2005 reissue bonus track)-Talking Heads[SEP]Oh dear What if everything they say is true? Oh, oh dear Then there won't be anything for me and you  Well Even if we have to start all over again What will be the point in being a fool again? Even if, even if we have to start all over again Oh, what will be, what will be, what will be The point in being a fool again?  Oh oh oh... no no no...  I made a decision Revised it again I saw what it meant to both my parents and friends And I couldn't do it if I had tried I couldn't hide my feelings inside  I say that's not my way, that's not my way That's not like me, that's not like me That's not my way, that's not my way That's not like me, that's not like me I couldn't do it, I couldn't do it Oh and I tried, I tried and I tried I say that's not like me, that's not like me That's not my way, that's not my way I couldn't do it, I couldn't do it I couldn't try, try try try That's not my way, that's not my way That ain't my way  If I feel it in my heart Oh oh... 
road to nowhere-Talking Heads[SEP]Well we know where we're goin' But we don't know where we've been And we know what we're knowin' But we can't say what we've seen And we're not little children And we know what we want And the future is certain Give us time to work it out  We're on a road to nowhere Come on inside Takin' that ride to nowhere We'll take that ride  I'm feelin' okay this mornin' And you know We're on the road to paradise Here we go, here we go  We're on a ride to nowhere Come on inside Takin' that ride to nowhere We'll take that ride  Maybe you wonder where you are I don't care Here is where time is on our side Take you there...take you there  We're on a road to nowhere We're on a road to nowhere We're on a road to nowhere  There's a city in my mind Come along and take that ride And it's all right, baby, it's all right  And it's very far away But it's growing day by day And it's all right, baby, it's all right  Would you like to come along You can help me sing this song And it's all right, baby, it's all right  They can tell you what to do But they'll make a fool of you And it's all right, baby, it's all right  There's a city in my mind Come along and take that ride And it's all right, baby, it's all right  And it's very far away But it's growing day by day And it's all right, baby, it's all right  Would you like to come along You can help me sing this song And it's all right, baby, it's all right  They can tell you what to do But they'll make a fool of you And it's all right, baby, it's all right  We're on a road to nowhere We're on a road to nowhere We're on a road to nowhere  We're on a road to nowhere 
stressed out-Twenty One Pilots[SEP]I wish I found some better sounds no one's ever heard I wish I had a better voice that sang some better words I wish I found some chords in an order that is new I wish I didn't have to rhyme every time I sang  I was told when I get older all my fears would shrink But now I'm insecure and I care what people think  My name's 'Blurryface' and I care what you think My name's 'Blurryface' and I care what you think  Wish we could turn back time, to the good old days When our momma sang us to sleep but now we're stressed out (oh) Wish we could turn back time (oh), to the good old days (oh) When our momma sang us to sleep but now we're stressed out  We're stressed out  Sometimes a certain smell will take me back to when I was young How come I'm never able to identify where it's coming from I'd make a candle out of it if I ever found it Try to sell it, never sell out of it, I'd probably only sell one  It'd be to my brother, 'cause we have the same nose Same clothes homegrown a stone's throw from a creek we used to roam But it would remind us of when nothing really mattered Out of student loans and tree-house homes we all would take the latter  My name's 'Blurryface' and I care what you think My name's 'Blurryface' and I care what you think  Wish we could turn back time, to the good old days When our momma sang us to sleep but now we're stressed out (oh) Wish we could turn back time (oh), to the good old days (oh) When our momma sang us to sleep but now we're stressed out  We used to play pretend, give each other different names We would build a rocket ship and then we'd fly it far away Used to dream of outer space but now they're laughing at our face Saying, "Wake up, you need to make money." Yeah  We used to play pretend, give each other different names We would build a rocket ship and then we'd fly it far away Used to dream of outer space but now they're laughing at our face Saying, "Wake up, you need to make money." Yeah  Wish we could turn back time, to the good old days When our momma sang us to sleep but now we're stressed out (oh) Wish we could turn back time (oh), to the good old days (oh) When our momma sang us to sleep but now we're stressed out  Used to play pretend, used to play pretend, bunny We used to play pretend, wake up, you need the money Used to play pretend, used to play pretend, bunny We used to play pretend, wake up, you need the money We used to play pretend, give each other different names We would build a rocket ship and then we'd fly it far away Used to dream of outer space but now they're laughing at our face Saying, "Wake up, you need to make money." Yeah 
hot in herre-Nelly[SEP]Hot in, so hot in here, so hot in  Come on a little bit of uh uh and a little bit of uh uh Check a little bit of... just a little bit of... Just a little bit of... just a little bit of...  [Nelly:] I was like, good gracious ass is bodacious Flirtatious, trying to show faces Looking for the right time to shoot my steam (you know) Looking for the right time to flash them keys (you know) I'm leaving, please believe in Me and the rest of my heathens Check it, got it locked at the top of the Four Seasons Penthouse, roof top, birds I'm feeding No deceiving, nothing up my sleeve, no teasing I need you to get up up on the dance floor Give that man what he asking for 'Cause I feel like busting loose And I feel like touching you And can't nobody stop the juice So, baby, tell me what's the use? I said  [2x] It's getting hot in here (so hot) So take off all your clothes I am getting so hot, I wanna take my clothes off  [Nelly:] (Let it all hang out) Why you at the bar if you ain't popping the bottles? C'mon What good is all the fame if you ain't fuckin' the models I see you driving, sports car, ain't hitting the throttle And I'll be down do a hundred, top down and goggles Got off the freeway, exit 106 and parked it Ash tray, flip gate, time to spark it Gucci collar for dollar, got out and walked it I spit game 'cause baby I can't talk it Warm, sweating, it's hot up in this joint Vokal tank top, on at this point You're with a winner so, baby, you can't lose I got secrets can't leave Cancun So take it off like you're home alone You know dance in front your mirror while you're on the phone Checking your reflection and telling your best friend, Like "Girl, I think my butt getting big."  [2x] It's getting hot in here (so hot) So take off all your clothes I am getting so hot, I wanna take my clothes off  (Let it hang all out) Mix a little bit a ah, ah With a little bit a ah, ah (Let it just fall out) Give a little bit a ah, ah With a little bit a ah, ah (Let it hang all out) With a little bit a ah, ah And a sprinkle a that ah, ah (Let it just fall out) I like it when ya ah, ah Girl, baby, make it ah, ah  [Nelly:] Stop pacing, time wasting I gotta a friend with a pole in the basement (What?) I'm just kidding like Jason (Oh) Unless you gon' do it Extra, extra, eh, spread the news, check it Nelly took a trip from the Lou' to Neptunes Came back with something thicker than fitting in Sassons Say she like to think about cutting in restrooms  [4x] It's getting hot in here (so hot) So take off all your clothes I am getting so hot, I wanna take my clothes off  (Let it hang all out) Mix a little bit of ah, ah With a little bit of ah, ah (Let it just fall out) Give a little bit of ah, ah With a little bit of ah, ah (Let it hang all out) With a little bit of ah, ah And a sprinkle of that ah, ah (Let it just fall out) I like it when ya ah, ah Girl, baby, make it ah, ah 
dilemma-Nelly[SEP][Kelly Rowland:] I.. love you, and I.. need you Nelly I.. love you, I do.. neeeeed you  No matter what I do, all I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo, boy, you know I'm crazy over you No matter what I do, all I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo, you know I'm crazy over you  [Nelly:] I met this chick and she just moved right up the block from me And uhh, she got the hots for me the finest thing my hood done seen But oh no, oh no, she gotta a man and a son, though, but that's okay Cause I, wait for my cue and just listen, play my position Like a shortstop, pick up e'rything mami hittin And in no time.. (no time) I.. I plan to make this one here mine and that's for sure Cause I, I never been the type to, break up a happy home But uh, there's something bout baby girl I just can't leave alone So tell me ma what's it gonna be? She said (You don't know what you mean to me)  [Kelly Rowland:] No matter what I do, all I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo, boy, you know I'm crazy over you No matter what I do, all I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo, you know I'm crazy over you  [Nelly:] Check it, check it, check it, uhh I see a lot and you look and I never say a word I know how niggaz start actin trippin out here about they girls And there's no way-ayy-hey, Nelly gon' fight over no day-hey-ame.. as you can see But I, I like your steez, your style, your whole demeanor The way you come through and holla and swoop me in his two-seater Now that's gangstah-ah-ahhh.. And I got special ways to thank yah-ah-ahhh.. don't you forget it But uh, it ain't that easy for you to pack and leave him But uh, you and dirty got ties for different reasons I respect that and right before I turn to leave, she said (You don't know what you mean to me)  [Kelly Rowland:] No matter what I do, all I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo, boy, you know I'm crazy over you No matter what I do, all I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo, you know I'm crazy over you  [Nelly:] Sing it for me, K!  [Kelly Rowland:] I.. love you, and I.. need you Nelly I.. love you, I do.. (c'mon girl) And it's more than you'll.. ever know Boy, it's for sure You can always count on my love Forever more, yeah, yeah  [Nelly:] East coast, I know you shakin right Down South, I know you bouncin right West coast, I know you walkin right, cause Midwest, I see you swingin right (You don't know what you mean to me)  [Kelly Rowland:] No matter what I do, all I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo, boy, you know I'm crazy over you No matter what I do, all I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo, you know I'm crazy over you  [Nelly:] East coast, I know you shakin right Down South, I know you bouncin right West coast, I know you walkin right, cause Midwest, I see you swing it right (You don't know what you mean to me) East coast, you still shakin right Down South, I see you bouncin right West coast, I know you walkin right, cause Midwest, I see you swingin right (You don't know what you mean to me)  [Kelly Rowland:] No matter what I do (woo!) All I think about is you (uh huh) Even when I'm with my boo Boy, you know I'm crazy over you No matter what I do All I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo Boy, you know I'm crazy over you No matter what I do All I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo Boy, you know I'm crazy over you  [Nelly:] East coast, I know you shakin right Down South, I know you bouncin right West coast, I know you walkin right Midwest, I see you swing it right (You don't know what you mean to me) East coast, you still shakin right Down South, I see you bouncin right West coast, I know you walkin right, cause Midwest, I see you swingin right (You don't know what you mean to me) 
low-Flo Rida[SEP][T-Pain:] Mmmmmmmm Let me talk to 'em Let me talk to 'em Let it rain Mmmmmmm Let me talk to 'em C'mon!  [T-Pain:] Shawty had them apple bottom jeans (jeans) Boots with the fur (with the fur) The whole club was looking at her She hit the floor (she hit the floor) Next thing you know Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low Them baggy sweat pants And the Reebok's with the straps (with the straps) She turned around and gave that big booty a smack (hey) She hit the floor (she hit the floor) Next thing you know Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low  [Flo-Rida:] I ain't never seen nothing that'll make me go This crazy all night spending my dough Had a million dollar vibe and a bottle to go Them birthday cakes they stole the show So sexual She was flexible professional Drinking X&O Hold up, wait a minute, do I see what I think? Whoa Did I think I see shawty get low? Ain't the same when it's up that close Make it rain I'm making it snow Work the pole I got the bank roll I'mma say that I prefer them no clothes I'm into that I love women exposed She threw it back at me I gave her more Cash ain't no problem I know where it goes She had them  [T-Pain:] Apple bottom jeans (jeans) Boots with the fur (with the fur) The whole club was looking at her She hit the floor (she hit the floor) Next thing you know Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low Them baggy sweat pants And the Reebok's with the straps (with the straps) She turned around and gave that big booty a smack (hey) She hit the floor (she hit the floor) Next thing you know Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low  [Flo-Rida:] Hey shawty what I gotta do to get you home My jeans full of guap and they're ready for shones Cadillacs Maybachs for the sexy grown Patron on the rocks that'll make you moan One stack (come on), two stacks (come on), three stacks (come on) Now that's three grand What you think I'm playing, baby girl, I'm the man I'll bend the rubber bands That's what I told her Her legs on my shoulder I knew it was over That Henny and Cola got me like a soldier She ready for Rover, I couldn't control her So lucky on me I was just like a clover Shawty was hot like a toaster Sorry but I had to fold her Like a pornography poster She showed her  [T-Pain:] Apple bottom jeans (jeans) Boots with the fur (with the fur) The whole club was looking at her She hit the floor (she hit the floor) Next thing you know Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low Them baggy sweat pants And the Reebok's with the straps (with the straps) She turned around and gave that big booty a smack (hey) She hit the floor (she hit the floor) Next thing you know Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low  [Flo-Rida:] Whoa, shawty, yeah, she was worth the money Little mama took my cash And I ain't want it back The way she bent that back Got her them paper stacks Tattoo above her crack I had to handle that I was on it, sexy woman Let me showing and made me want it Two in the morning I'm zoning And them Rosé bottles foaming She wouldn't stop Made it drop Shawty did that pop and lock Had to break her off that guap Gal was fly just like my Glock  [T-Pain:] Apple bottom jeans (jeans) Boots with the fur (with the fur) The whole club was looking at her She hit the floor (she hit the floor) Next thing you know Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low Them baggy sweat pants And the Reebok's with the straps (with the straps) She turned around and gave that big booty a smack (hey) She hit the floor (she hit the floor) Next thing you know Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low  C'mon 
running bear-Johnny Preston[SEP]On the bank of the river Stood Running Bear, young Indian brave On the other side of the river Stood his lovely Indian maid  Little White Dove was her name Such a lovely sight to see But their tribes fought with each other So their love could never be  Running Bear loved Little White Dove With a love big as the sky Running Bear loved Little White Dove With a love that couldn't die  He couldn't swim the raging river 'Cause the river was too wide He couldn't reach Little White Dove Waiting on the other side  In the moonlight, he could see her Throwing kisses 'cross the waves Her little heart was beating faster Waiting there for her Indian brave  Running Bear loved Little White Dove With a love big as the sky Running Bear loved Little White Dove With a love that couldn't die  Running Bear dove in the water Little White Dove did the same And they swam out to each other Through the swirling stream they came  As their hands touched and their lips met The raging river pulled them down Now they'll always be together In their happy hunting ground  Running Bear loved Little White Dove With a love big as the sky Running Bear loved Little White Dove With a love that couldn't die 
the candy man-Sammy Davis Jr.[SEP]Candy Man, hey Candy Man Alright everybody, gather around The Candy Man is here What kind of candy do you want? Sweet chocolate? Chocolate walnut candy? Gum drops? Anything you want You've come to the right man because I'm the Candy Man  Who can take a sunrise? (Who can take a sunrise?) Sprinkle it with dew (Sprinkle it with dew) Cover it with chocolate and a miracle or two  The Candy Man (the candy man) The Candy Man can (the candy man can) The Candy Man can 'cause he mixes it with love And makes the world taste good (Makes the world taste good)  Who can take the rainbow? (Who can take the rainbow?) Wrap it in a sigh (Wrap it in a sigh) Soak it in the sun and make a groovy lemon pie  The Candy Man (the candy man) The Candy Man can (the candy man can) The Candy Man can 'cause he mixes it with love And makes the world taste good (Makes the world taste good)  The Candy Man makes everything he bakes Satisfying and delicious Now, you talk about your childhood wishes You can even eat the dishes  Oh, who can take tomorrow? (Who can take tomorrow?) Dip it in a dream (Dip it in a dream) Separate the sorrow and collect up all the cream  The Candy Man (the candy man) The Candy Man can (the candy man can) The Candy Man can 'cause he mixes it with love And makes the world taste good (Makes the world taste good)  The Candy Man makes everything he bakes Satisfying and delicious Talk about your childhood wishes You can even eat the dishes  Yeah, yeah, yeah, who can take tomorrow? (Who can take tomorrow?) Dip it in a dream (Dip it in a dream) Separate the sorrow and collect up all the cream  The Candy Man (the candy man) The Candy Man can (the candy man can) The Candy Man can 'cause he mixes it with love And makes the world taste good (Makes the world taste good)  Yes, the Candy Man can 'cause he mixes it with love And makes the world taste good (Makes the world taste good)  A candy man, a candy man, a candy man Makes the world taste good A candy man, a candy man, a candy man Makes the world taste good A candy man, a candy man 
jessie's girl-Rick Springfield[SEP]Jessie is a friend, Yeah, I know he's been a good friend of mine But lately something's changed It ain't hard to define Jessie's got himself a girl and I want to make her mine  And she's watching him with those eyes And she's lovin' him with that body, I just know it! And he's holding her in his arms late, late at night  You know I wish that I had Jessie's girl I wish that I had Jessie's girl Where can I find a woman like that?  I'll play along with the charade That doesn't seem to be a reason to change You know I feel so dirty when they start talking cute I wanna tell her that I love her but the point is probably moot  'Cause she's watching him with those eyes And she's lovin' him with that body, I just know it! And he's holding her in his arms late, late at night  You know I wish that I had Jessie's girl I wish that I had Jessie's girl Where can I find a woman like that?  Like Jessie's girl I wish that I had Jessie's girl Where can I find a woman... Where can I find a woman like that?  And I'm lookin' in the mirror all the time Wonderin' what she don't see in me I've been funny; I've been cool with the lines Ain't that the way love's supposed to be?  Tell me, where can I find a woman like that?  You know I wish that I had Jessie's girl I wish that I had Jessie's girl I want Jessie's girl Where can I find a woman like that?  Like Jessie's girl I wish that I had Jessie's girl I want, I want Jessie's girl 
let's turn back the years-Hank Williams[SEP]Darling let's turn back my years and go back to yesterday Let's pretend that time has stopped and I didn't go away We had our love to make us happy it wasn't meant to bring us tears Love like ours should never die so darling let's turn back the years [ steel - guitar ] We had our love to make us happy... 
i'll never get out of this world alive-Hank Williams[SEP]Now you're lookin' at a man that's gettin' kind-a mad I had lot's of luck but it's all been bad No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  My fishin' pole's broke the creek is full of sand My woman run away with another man No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  A distant uncle passed away and left me quite a batch And I was livin'g high until that fatal day A lawyer proved I wasn't born I was only hatched  Ev'rything's again' me and it's got me down If I jumped in the river I would prob'ly drown No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  These shabby shoes I'm wearin' all the time Are full of holes and nails And brother if I stepped on a worn out dime I bet a nickel I could tell you if it was heads or tails  I'm not gonna worry wrinkles in my brow 'Cause nothin's ever gonna be alright nohow No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  I could buy a Sunday suit and it would leave me broke If it had two pair of pants I would burn the coat No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  If it was rainin' gold I wouldn't stand a chance I wouldn't have a pocket in my patched up pants No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive 
six more miles (to the graveyard)-Hank Williams[SEP]Oh the rain is slowly fallin', And my heart is so sore, Six more miles and leave my darlin', Never on this earth to meet no more.  [Chorus]  Six more miles to the graveyard, Six more miles, long and sad, Six more miles and leave my darlin', Leave the best friend, I ever had.  Oh I hear the train a-comin', Bringin' my darlin' back home, Six more miles, to the graveyard, And I'll be left here all a- lone.  [Repeat chorus]  [This verse not on record, but in both early song books:] Left her in that lonely church yard, Left my darlin' alone, Now I'm sad, my heart is cryin', As i wander thru life alone. 
my heart would know-Hank Williams[SEP]I could say it's over now That I was glad to see you go I could hate you for theway I'm feelin' My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know  It's a sin to make me cry When you know I love you so I could tell my heart that I don't miss you My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know  I could give you all the blame But I'm sure the truth would show I could tell this world I've found a new love My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know  I can't fool my cryin' heart 'Cause it knows I need you so I could tell my heart I'm glad we parted My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know 
i could never be ashamed of you-Hank Williams[SEP]Everybody says you let me down That I should be ashamed to take you 'round Makes no difference what you used to do; Darling, I could never be ashamed of you.  Maybe you were reckless yesterday but together, we can find a brighter way. In my heart, I know that you'll come through Darling, I could never be ashamed of you  All the happiness I've ever known came the day you said you'd be my own and it matters not what we go through Darlin I could never be ashamed of you  Maybe you've been cheated in the past, and perhaps those memories will always last even though you proved to be untrue darlin I could never be ashamed of you. 
wealth won't save your soul-Hank Williams[SEP]AS WE JOURNEY ALONG, ON LIFE'S WICKED ROAD, SO SELFISH ARE WE, FOR SILVER AND GOLD, YOU CAN TREASURE YOUR WEALTH, YOUR DIAMONDS AND GOLD, BUT MY FRIENDS IT WON'T SAVE, YOUR POOR WICKED SOUL.  FOR WHEN GOD CALLS, FROM HIS HOME UP ON HIGH, TO YOUR EARTHLY WEALTH, YOU MUST SAY GOODBYE, THEN IT'S USELESS TO YOU, IF YOU'VE STRAYED FROM THE FOLD, FOR MY FRIEND IT WON'T SAVE YOUR POOR WICKED SOUL.  THE RICH MAN LIKE ALL, WILL BE JUDGED AT THAT TIME, BUT ALL OF HIS WEALTH, WILL BE LEFT BEHIND. FOR NO MATTER HOW MUCH EARTHLY WEALTH YOU GET HOLD, WELL MY FRIEND IT WON'T SAVE, YOUR POOR WICKED SOUL.  WHEN THE WORLD IS ON FIRE, ON THAT JUDGEMENT DAY, FOR ALL OF OUR WRONGS, THEN WE MUST PAY, BUT THE DEBT CAN'T BE PAID, WITH SILVER AND GOLD, NO FRIENDS IT WON'T SAVE, YOUR POOR WICKED SOUL. 
i'm sorry for you, my friend-Hank Williams[SEP]You've known so long that you were wrong But still you had your way You told her lies and alibis And hurt her more each day But now your conscience bothers you You've reached your journey's end You're asking me for sympathy I'm Sorry For You, My Friend.  You laughed inside each time she cried You tried to make her blue She tagged along through right and wrong Because she worshipped you You know that you're the one to blame There's no use to pretend Today's the day you start to pay I'm Sorry For You, My Friend.  Today as she walked arm in arm At someone else's side It made you stop and realize That time has turned the tide You should have known you'd be alone 'Cause cheaters never win You tried and lost, now pay the cost I'm Sorry For You, My Friend. 
your cheatin' heart-Hank Williams[SEP]Your cheatin' heart Will make you weep You'll cry and cry And try to sleep But sleep won't come The whole night through Your cheatin' heart will tell on you...  When tears come down Like falling rain You'll toss around And call my name You'll walk the floor The way I do Your cheatin' heart will tell on you...  Your cheatin' heart Will pine some day And crave the love You threw away The time will come When you'll be blue Your cheatin' heart will tell on you...  When tears come down Like falling rain You'll toss around And call my name You'll walk the floor The way I do Your cheatin' heart will tell on you... 
i'm satisfied with you-Hank Williams[SEP]You don't dress up in satin, You don't wear diamond rings, But I'm satisfied with you. You look just like an angel but you haven't got wings, But I'm satisfied with you.  I'd rather have you just the way that you are Than change you for somebody new. Maybe I could do better if I reached for a star, But I'm satisfied with you.  You're not made out of candy But you're as sweet as you can be So I'm satisfied with you. I just can't see no reason why you bother with me, But I'm satisfied with you.  I often wonder if it's all a mistake; It's hard to believe that it's true. But If I'm only dreaming, I sure don't want to wake, 'Cause I'm satisfied with you.  I'm satisfied with you. 
lost highway-Hank Williams[SEP]I'm a rollin' stone all alone and lost For a life of sin I've paid the cost When I pass by all the people say Just another guy on the lost highway  Just a deck of cards and a jug of wine And a woman's lies makes a life like mine On the day we met, I went astray I started rollin' down that lost highway  I was just a lad, nearly twenty two Neither good nor bad, just a kid like you And now I'm lost, too late to pray Lord I paid a cost on the lost highway  Now boys don't start to ramblin' round On this road of sin are you sorrow bound Take my advice or you'll curse the day You started rollin' down that lost highway 
i don't care (if tomorrow never comes)-Hank Williams[SEP]I don't care if tomorrow never comes This world holds nothin' for me I've been lonely night and day ever since you went away So I don't care if tomorrow never comes.  [CHORUS] If tomorrow never comes and the sun don't ever shine It won't matter with me For when she went away, my world ended that day So I don't care if tomorrow never comes.  My lonely mind wanders back to days that used to be My broken heart cries out for you Oh, if I can't have you here, I can't go on my dear So I don't care if tomorrow never comes.  [REPEAT CHORUS] 
be careful of stones that you throw-Hank Williams[SEP][CHORUS] A tongue can accuse and carry bad news The seeds of distrust, it will sow But unless you've made no mistakes in your life Be careful of stones that you throw.  [SPOKEN] A neighbor was passing my garden one time She stopped and I knew right away That it was gossip, not flowers, she had on her mind And this is what I heard my neighbor say:  "That girl down the street should be run from our midst She drinks and she talks quite a lot She knows not to speak to my child or to me." My neighbor then smiled and I thought:  [CHORUS]  [SPOKEN] A car speeded by and the screamin' of brakes A sound that made my blood chill For my neighbor's one child had been pulled from the path And saved by a girl lying still.  The child was unhurt and my neighbor cried out: "Oh! who was that brave girl so sweet?" I covered the crushed, broken body and said: "The bad girl who lived down the street."  [CHORUS] 
move it on over-Hank Williams[SEP]Came in last night at half past ten That baby of mine wouldn't let me in So move it on over (move it on over) Move it on over (move it on over) Move over, little dog, 'cause the big dog's moving in  She's changed the lock on our front door My door key don't fit no more So get it on over (move it on over) Scoot it on over (move it on over) Move over, skinny dog, 'cause the fat dog's moving in  This dog house here is mighty small But it's better than no house at all So ease it on over (move it on over) Drag it on over (move it on over) Move over, old dog, 'cause a new dog's moving in  She told me not to play around But I done let the deal go down So pack it on over (move it on over) Tote it on over (move it on over) Move over, nice dog, 'cause a mad dog's moving in  She warned me once, she warned me twice But I don't take no one's advice So scratch it on over (move it on over) Shake it on over (move it on over) Move over, short dog, 'cause a tall dog's moving in  She'll crawl back to me on her knees I'll be busy scratching fleas So slide it on over (move it on over) Sneak it on over (move it on over) Move over, good dog, 'cause a mad dog's moving in  Remember pup, before you whine That side's yours and this side's mine So shove it on over (move it on over) Sweep it on over (move it on over) Move over, cold dog, 'cause a hot dog's moving in 
you win again-Hank Williams[SEP]The news is out - all over town That you've been seen - a-runnin' 'round I know that I - should leave, but then I just can't go - you win again.  This heart of mine - could never see What ev'rybod - y knew but me Just trusting you - was my great sin What can I do - you win again.  I'm sorry for - your victim now 'Cause soon his head - like mine will bow He'll give his heart - but all in vain And someday say - you win again.  You have no heart - you have no shame You take true love - and give the blame I guess that I - should not complain I love you still - you win again. 
i can't get you off of my mind-Hank Williams[SEP][Chorus] Oh, I can't get you off of my mind When I try I'm just wastin' my time Lord I've tried and I've tried And all night long I've cried But I can't get you off of my mind.  Didn't think you would leave me behind  But I guess you're the two-timin' kind Do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart When I can't get you off of my mind.  [Chorus]  You believe that a true love is blind So you fool ev'ry new love you find You've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies Oh, I can't get you off my mind.  [Chorus] 
rootie tootie-Hank Williams[SEP]Met my future wife today And her name is Kathy Mae Rootie Tootie, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Sunday gal.  Feelin' dandy, doin' swell My gal is the village bell Hotsy-totsy (Rootie Tootie) Super-duper (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Monday gal.  You should see the people stare When we walk around the square Bouncy-bouncy, (Rootie Tootie) Upsy-daisy, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Tuesday gal.  I'm not jealous, no siree Just as long as she's with me Wicky-wacky, (Rootie Tootie) Humpty-dumpty, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Wednesday gal.  She's got "purty" eyes of blue And she thinks I'm "purty", too Tootsie-wootsie, (Rootie Tootie) Hunky-dory, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Thursday gal.  Gonna make that lady mine When she signs that dotted line Hinky-dinky, (Rootie Tootie) Yipsy-doodle, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Friday gal. 
baby, we're really in love-Hank Williams[SEP]If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love If you're happy with me like i'm happy with you Old cupid just gave us a shove If you're thinkin' of me like i'm thinkin' of you Then i know what you're thinkin' of If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love.  I run around in circles And turn in fire alarms I'm nutty as a fruitcake When you're not in my arms If you're meant for me like i'm meant for you Baby, we fit like a glove If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love.  If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love. If you're countin' on me like i'm countin' on you Old cupid just gave us a shove If you're dreamin' of me like i'm dreamin' of you Then i know what you're dreamin' of If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love.  My folks think i've gone crazy And i don't feel too sure And yet there's nothin' wrong with me That weddin' bells won't cure If you go for me like i go for you Baby, we fit like a glove If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love. 
mind your own business-Hank Williams[SEP]If the wife and I are fussin', brother that's our right 'Cause me and that sweet woman's got a license to fight Why don't you mind your own business Mind your own business 'Cause if you mind your business, then you won't be mindin' mine  Oh, the woman on our party line's the nosiest thing She picks up her receiver when she knows it's my ring Why don't you mind your own business Mind your own business Well, if you mind your business, then you won't be mindin' mine  I got a little gal that wears her hair up high The boys all whistle when she walks by Why don't you mind your own business Mind your own business Well, if you mind your business, you sure won't be minding mine  If I want to honky tonk around 'til two or three Now, brother that's my headache, don't you worry 'bout me Just mind your own business Mind your own business If you mind your business, then you won't be mindin' mine  Mindin' other people's business seems to be high-toned I got all that I can do just to mind my own Why don't you mind your own business Mind your own business If you mind your own business, you'll stay busy all the time 
moanin' the blues-Hank Williams[SEP]When my baby moved out and the blues moved in There wasn't nothin' I could do But mosey around with my head in my hands Lord what am I comin' to I just keep Moanin' Moa-oanin' the blues.  I wrote a nice, long letter Sayin' mama please come home Your dad-ad-dy is lon-one-some And all I do is moan ... I been lovin' that gal for so doggone long I can't afford to lose her now I thought I was right but I must of been wrong 'Cause my head is startin' to bow And now I'm Moanin' Moa-oanin' The Blues.  If you want a good gal to stay around You gotta treat her nice and kind If you do her wrong she'll leave this tonw And you'll almost lose your mind Then you'll moanin'; Moa-oanin' The Blues.  Aw! baby, baby, baby Honey baby, please come home Your dad-ad-dy is lon-one-some and all I do is moan I promise you baby that I'll be good And I'll never be bad no more I'm sittin' here waitin' for you right now To walk through that front door Then I'll stop moanin'; Moa-oanin' The Blues. 
i just don't like this kind of livin'-Hank Williams[SEP]I Just Don't Like This Kind Of Livin' I'm tired of doin' all the givin' I give my all and sit and yearn And get no lovin' in return And I Just Don't Like This Kind Of Livin'.  Why do we stay together We always fuss and fight You ain't never known to be wrong And I ain't never been right;  Tell me where you think we're goin' 'Cause I ain't got no way of knowin' When things go wrong, you go your way You leave me here, to pay and pay And I Just Don't Like This Kind Of Livin'.  I just don't like the things you're doin' Your evil heart will be your ruin When things start runnin' smooth and free You haul right off and you pick on me And I just don't like this way of livin'.  They say the road of love is long It's rocky and it's rough But if this road don't start to get smooth I've traveled it long enough;  Why don't you act a little older And get that chip off of your shoulder I've told you once, now I'll tell you twice You better start to treat me nice 'Cause I just don't like this way of livin'. 
a house without love-Hank Williams[SEP]For years we both have lived on pride, dear And we agree that love is gone Why, oh why do we keep tryin' A House Without Love is not a home.  The lovelight in your eyes has faded And I'm contented just to roam We slaved to gain a worthless treasure A House Without Love is not a home.  No matter where our footsteps wander I know we'll both be all alone With the pride that came between us A House Without Love is not a home.  The simple things have gone forever We wanted wealth to call our own And now we've reached the hour of parting A House Without Love is not a home. 
men with broken hearts-Hank Williams[SEP]You'll meet many just like me upon life's busy street With shoulders stooped and heads bowed low and eyes that stare in defeat Or souls that live within the past where sorrow plays all parts Where a living death is all that's left for men with broken hearts You have no right to be the judge to criticize and condemn Just think but for the grace of God it would be you instead of him One careless step a thoughtless deed and then the misery starts And to those who weep death comes cheap these men with broken hearts Oh so humble you should be when they come passing by For it's written that the greatest men never get too big to cry Some lose faith in love and life when sorrow shoots her darts And with hope all gone they walk alone these men with broken hearts You've never walked in that man's shoes or saw things through his eyes Or stood and watched with helpless hands while the heart inside you dies Some were paupers some were kings and some were masters of the arts But in their shame they're all the same these men with broken hearts Life sometimes can be so cruel that a heart will pray for death God why must these living dead know pain with every breath So help your brother along the road no matter where he starts For the God that made you made them too these men with broken hearts 
fly trouble-Hank Williams[SEP]DID YOU EVER SIT STRAIGHT UP IN BED WITH SOMETHIN' A CIRCLIN' ROUND YA HEAD AN YA SWAT AT IT AS IT WIZZES BY AND IT'S JUST ONE PESKY LITTLE FLY  YOU SHAKE YA HEAD AN TWITCH YA NOSE AND SETTLE DOWN TO SWEEP YA FLOORS AND WHEN YA JUST ABOUT TO DOSE...FLY TROUBLE  [CHORUS] BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ GOES THAT BUSY LITTLE FLY BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ HE'S TAKIN OFF AN HIDE  YOU ROLL THE PAPER UP NICE AND TIGHT AND WAIT AROUND FOR HIM TO LIGHT BUT THEIRS A FLY THAT'S A LIVEN RIGHT BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ  [BAND PLAYS]  NOW THE TOUGHEST HIDE GROWS ON A MULE CAUSE HE'S A BULKY STUBORN FOOL HE LIKES TO LOOK AT YU AND GLARE AN NEVER EVEN MOVE A HAIR  BUT WHEN HIS MUSCLES START TO TWITCH AN WHEN HIS TAIL BEGINS TO SWISH THAT MULE AIN'T BOTHERED WITH AN ITCH...FLY TROUBLE  [CHORUS] BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ GOES THAT BUSY LITTLE PEST BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ THAT MULE CAN'T GET NO REST  HE SHAKES HIS HEAD AN BATS HIS EYE AN KICKS HIS HEELS UP TO THE SKY DID YOU EVER SEE A JASS ACK CRY BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ  [BAND PLAYS]  NOW YOU PICK A PERFECT NIGHT IN JUNE WHEN FLOWERS ARE BLOOMIN BENEATH THE MOON AND YA LIGHT OF LOVE IS SHININ' BRIGHT AN YOU TELL YA SELF TONIGHTS THE NIGHT  YA BRACE YA SELF AN YA COURAGE GROWS AN ON YA KNEES WHERE YOU WOULD PROPOSE WHEN SOMETHIN BIGHTS YOU ON THE NOSE...FLY TROUBLE  [CHORUS] BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ GOES THAT BUSY LITTLE THING BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ YOU SWAT AN LOOSE THE RING  YOU FAN THE AIR AS HE GOES BY AN STICK YA FINGER IN YOUR EYE HIT EVERYTHING EXCEPT THAT FLY BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ 
why don't you love me-Hank Williams[SEP]Well, Why Don't You Love Me like you used to do How come you treat me like a worn out shoe My hair's still curly and my eyes are still blue Why Don't You Love Me Like You Used To Do.  Ain't had no lovin' like a huggin' and a kissin' in a long, long while We don't get nearer or further or closer than a country mile;  Why don't you spark me like you used to do And say sweet nothin's like you used to coo I'm the same old trouble that you've always been through So, Why Don't You Love Me like you used to do.  Well, why don't you be just like you used to be How come you find so many faults with me Somebody's changed so let me give you a clue Why Don't You Love Me like you used to do.  Ain't had no lovin' like a huggin' and a kissin' in a long, long while We don't get nearer or further than a country mile;  Why don't you say the things you used to say What makes you treat me like a piece of clay My hair's still curly and my eyes are still blue Why Don't You Love Me like you used to do. 
window shopping-Hank Williams[SEP]You're Window Shoppin' Just Window Shoppin' You're only lookin' around You're not buyin' You're just tryin' To find the best deal in town.  You give away your kisses But you never give your heart To anyone who's fool enough to fall ... You don't feel love You don't want real love You're Window Shoppin' that's all.  [Repeat both verses] 
howlin' at the moon-Hank Williams[SEP]I know there's never been a man in the awful shape I'm in I can't even spell my name, my heads in such a spin To-day I tried to eat a steak with a big old table-spoon You got me chasin' Rabbits, walkin' on my hands ...And Howlin' At The Moon.  Well, I took one look at you and it almost drove me mad And then I even went and lost what little sense I had Now I can't tell the day from night, I'm crazy as a loon You got me chasin' Rabbits, pullin' out my hair and Howlin' At The Moon.  Some friends of mine asked me to go out on a huntin' spree 'Cause there ain't a hound dog in this state that can hold a light to me I eat three bones for dinner today, then tried to tree a 'Coon You got me chasin' Rabbits, scratchin' fleas and Howlin' At The Moon.  I rode my horse to town to day and a gas pump we did pass I pulled 'im up and I hollered WHOA!, said fill 'im up with gas The man picked up a monkey wrench and WHAM!, he changed my tune You got me chasin' Rabbits, spittin' out teeth and Howlin' At The Moon.  I never thought in this old world a fool could fall so hard But honey baby, when I fell the whole world must have jarred I think I'd quit my doggish ways if you'd take me for your groom You got me chasin Rabbits, pickin' out rings and Howlin' At The Moon 
my son calls another man daddy-Hank Williams[SEP]Tonight my heart is bowed in sorrow I can't keep the tears from my eyes My Son Calls Another Man Daddy The right to his love, I've been denied.  [CHORUS] My Son Calls Another Man Daddy He'll ne'er know my name nor my face God only knows how it hurts me For another to be in my place.  Each night I laid there in prison I pictured a future so bright For he was the one ray of sunshine That showed thru the darkest of nights.  [CHORUS]  Today his mother shares a new love She just couldn't stand my disgrace My Son Calls Another Man Daddy And longs for the love he can't replace.  [CHORUS] 
(i heard that) lonesome whistle-Hank Williams[SEP]I was ridin' number nine Headin' south from Caroline I heard that lonesome whistle blow Got in trouble had to roam Left my gal and left my home I heard that lonesome whistle blow  Just a kid actin' smart I went and broke my darlin's heart I guess I was too young to know They took me off the Georgia Main Locked me to a ball and chain I heard that lonesome whistle blow  All alone I bear the shame I'm a number not a name I heard that lonesome whistle blow All I do is sit and cry When the ev'nin' train goes by I heard that lonesome whistle blow  I'll be locked here in this cell Til my body's just a shell And my hair turns whiter than snow I'll never see that gal of mine Lord, I'm in Georgia doin' time I heard that lonesome whistle blow 
calling you-Hank Williams[SEP]When you've strayed from the fold And  there's trouble in your soul Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour  Callin' You? When your soul is lost in sin And you're at your  journey's end Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin' You? [CHORUS] Callin' You?, (Callin'  You?) Callin' You?, (Callin' You?) Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour  Callin' You? He will take you by the hand Lead you to that  promise land Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin' You? As you journey day by day And temptation  comes your way Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin' You? If you'll  follow in His light He will always guide you right Can't you hear the  Blessed Saviour Callin' You? [CHORUS] When your soul is burdened down And your  friend(s) can not be found Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin'  You? If you'll follow Him each day He will brighten up your way Can't  you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin' You? [CHORUS] 
a mansion on the hill-Hank Williams[SEP]Tonight down here in the valley I'm lonesome and O how I feel As I sit here alone in my cabin I can see your mansion on the hill  Do you recall when we parted The story to me you revealed You said you could live without loving In your loveless mansion on the hill  I've waited all through the years love To give you a heart true and real Cause I know you're living in sorrow In your loveless mansion on the hill  The light shine bright from yer window The trees stand so silent and still I know you're alone with your pride dear In your loveless mansion on the hill 
long gone lonesome blues-Hank Williams[SEP]I went down to the river to watch the fish swim by But I got to the river so lonesome I wanted to die, oh Lord And then I jumped in the river, but the doggone river was dry She's long gone, and now I'm lonesome blue  I had me a woman who couldn't be true She made me for my money and she made me blue A man needs a woman that he can lean on But my leanin' post is done left and gone She's long gone, and now I'm lonesome blue  I'm gonna find me a river, one that's cold as ice And when I find me that river, Lord I'm gonna pay the price, oh Lord I'm goin' down in it three times, but Lord I'm only comin' up twice She's long gone, and now I'm lonesome blue  She told me on Sunday she was checkin' me out Long about Monday she was nowhere about And here it is Tuesday, ain't had no news I got them gone but not forgotten blues She's long gone, and now I'm lonesome blue 
please make up your mind-Hank Williams[SEP]When I agree with you baby it makes you mad and when I don't it makes you sad When I argue back you pack and leave and when I don't you pout in grieve There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do You say get out and I'd better stay gone Then you have a big policeman drag me back home You holler good and loud put him in the calaboose Then you cry and ask the judge won't you please turn him loose The good Lord only knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do My life with you baby has been one hard knock Lord my head looks like an old chop block And I'll tell you right now honey that ain't all You done kicked me till I feel like a used football There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do You knock me down and then you pick me up Honey do you have to love so doggone rough I wish to my soul you'd slow down the pace Cause I tell you right now the hide's gettin' sca'ce There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do Why when I married you, you were such a meek little thing But honey among tigers you'd be queen If a poor little rabbit had you on his side Every hound in the country would crawl off and hide There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind What in the confounded cat hair you want me to do 
a home in heaven-Hank Williams[SEP]Around me many are building Homes of beauty and wealth But what of a home in Heaven Where will you live after death  Are you building a Home in Heaven To live in when this life is o'er Will you move to that beautiful city And live with Christ ever more.  Long is the road that leads you To that beautiful home up there Is work on your home completed Death may be lingering near.  Are you ready for His coming Have you been true all along Have you finished your building in Glory Will you move to this Heavenly Home. 
honky tonkin'-Hank Williams[SEP]When you are sad and lonely and have no place to go Call me up, sweet baby, and bring along some dough And we'll go Honky Tonkin', Honky Tonkin' Honky Tonkin', Honey Baby We'll go Honky Tonkin' 'round this town.  When you and your baby have a fallin' out Just call me up sweet mama and we'll go steppin' out And we'll go Honky Tonkin', Honky Tonkin' Honky Tonkin', Honey Baby We'll go Honky Tonkin' 'round this town. We're goin' to the city - to the city fair  If you go to the city then you will find me there And we'll go Honky Tonkin', Honky Tonkin' Honky Tonkin', Honey Baby We'll go Honky Tonkin' 'round this town.  [Repeat first verse] 
(last night) i heard you crying in your sleep-Hank Williams[SEP]I know you tried your best to love me You smiled when your heart told you to weep You tried to pretend that you were happy But last night I heard you crying in your sleep You gave the best years of your life dear And each precious vow you tried to keep I love you so much I want you happy But last night I heard you crying in your sleep Your heart is yearning for an old love It hurts me to know you are unhappy But last night I heard you crying in your sleep You know that you are free to go dear And don't mind if I start to weep I know I can never make you happy Cause last night I heard you crying in your sleep 
jambalaya (on the bayou)-Hank Williams[SEP]Goodbye Joe me gotta go me oh my oh Me gotta go pole the pirogue down the bayou My Yvonne the sweetest one me oh my oh Son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou  Jambalaya and a crawfish pie and filé gumbo Cause tonight I'm gonna see my ma cher amio Pick guitar fill fruit jar and be gay-o Son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou  Thibodaux Fontaineaux the place is buzzin' Kinfolk come to see Yvonne by the dozen Dress in style and go hog wild me oh my oh Son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou Settle down far from town get me a pirogue And I'll catch all the fish in the bayou  Jambalaya and a crawfish pie and filé gumbo Cause tonight I'm gonna see my ma cher amio Pick guitar fill fruit jar and be gay-o Son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou  Later on, swap my mon, get me a pirogue And I'll catch all the fish on the bayou Swap my mon, to buy Yvonne what she need-oh Son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou  Jambalaya and a crawfish pie and filé gumbo Cause tonight I'm gonna see my ma cher amio Pick guitar fill fruit jar and be gay-o Son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou 
on the banks of the old pontchartrain-Hank Williams[SEP]I traveled from Texas to old Louisanne Through valleys, o'er mountains and plains Both footsore and weary I rested awhile On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  The fairest young maiden that I ever saw Passed by as it started to rain We both found a shelter beneath the same tree On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  We hid from the shower an hour or so She asked me how long I'd remain I told her that I'd spend the rest of my days On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  I just couldn't tell her that I ran away From jail on a West Texas plain I prayed in my heart I would never be found On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  Then one day a man put his hand on my arm And said I must go west again I left her alone without saying goodbye On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  Tonight as I sit here alone in my cell I know that she's waiting in vain I'm hoping and praying someday to return On the banks of the old Pontchartrain 
hey, good lookin'-Hank Williams[SEP]Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me? Hey, sweet baby - don't you think maybe We can find us a brand new recipe?  I got a hot rod Ford, and a two dollar bill And I know a spot right over the hill There's soda pop and the dancing's free So if you wanna have fun, come along with me  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?  I'm free and ready, so we can go steady. How's about saving all your time for me? No more lookin' - I know I been tookin' Hows about keepin' steady company?  I'm gonna throw my date book over the fence And buy me one for five or ten cents I'll keep it till it's covered with age Cause I'm writin' your name down on every page  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me? 
everything's okay-Hank Williams[SEP]I went to the country - just the other day To see my Uncle Bill and sorta pass the time away I asked him how he'd been - since last, I'd passed his way He rubbed his chin - here's what he had to say.  "My wife's been sick - the young'ns, too And I'm durn near - down with the flu The cow's gone dry - and them hens won't lay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The hogs took the cholera and they've all done died The bees got mad - and they left the hive The weevils got the corn and the rain rotted the hay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The porch rotted down - that's more expense The durned old mule - he tore down the fence The mortgage is due and - I can't pay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The cow broke in the field and eat up the beans The durn rabbits - they got the turnip greens And my Ma-in-law just moved in to stay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  My land's so poor - so hard and "yeller" You have to set on a sack of fetilizer to raise an "umbreller" And it rains out here - nearly ever' day But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The well's gone dry and I have to tote the water Up from the spring - about a mile and a quarter My helper, he quit - for the lack of pay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The house it leaks - it needs a new top When it rains - it wets ever'thing we got The chimney fell down - just yesterday But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The corn meals gone and the meat's run out Got nothin' to kill to put in the smokehouse The preacher's comin' Sunday - to spend the day But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The canned stuff's spoiled - else the jar's got broke And all we got left is one old Billy goat We're gonna have a new baby about the first of May But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  My crop it rotted - in the ground I asked for another loan but the banker turned me down But - we're still a-livin' and we're prayin' for better days So - after all, ever'thing's in purty good shape." 
honky tonk blues-Hank Williams[SEP]Well I left my home down on the rural route I told my paw I'm going steppin out and get the Honky tonk blues, Yeah the honky tonk blues Well Lord I got 'em, I got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  Well I went to a dance and I wore out my shoes Woke up this mornin wishin I could lose Them jumpin honky tonk blues, Yeah the honky tonk blues Well Lord I got 'em, I got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  Well I stopped into every place in town This city life has really got me down I got the honky tonk blues, Yeah the honky tonk blues Well Lord I got em, got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  I'm gonna tuck my worries underneath my arm And scat right back to my pappy's farm And leave these honky tonk blues, Yeah the honky tonk blues Well Lord I got 'em, I got the ho-on-ky tonk blues. 
the pale horse and his rider-Hank Williams[SEP]Listen poor sinner; you're driftin' away From the Dear Saviour; who's pleading today What will you do; when the Saviour ain't nigh When the Pale Horse and his rider goes by?  The time now ain't long; when the Saviour will come Then you'll be judged; by the deeds you have done On that judgement day; you'll weep and you'll cry When the Pale Horse and his rider goes by?  When that trumpet sounds; on the sinners below Not even the angels; in heaven will know Then's when you'll wish; you had Jesus nigh When the Pale Horse and his rider goes by?  Won't you redeem; your poor wicked soul You can't pay your way; with Silver and Gold If you're not saved; you'll be lost in the night When the Pale Horse and his rider goes by? 
my sweet love ain't around-Hank Williams[SEP]Listen to the rain a-fallin' Can't you hear that lonesome sound Oh, my poor old heart is breakin' 'Cause my sweet love ain't around  Lord, I think I'll start to ramble Got to leave this weary town This old place is way too lonely 'Cause my sweet love ain't around  On that train tonight I'm leavin' And don't ask me where I'm bound I can't stay here any longer 'Cause my sweet love ain't around  Memories come back to haunt me My dream house has done fell down This old world is dark around me 'Cause my sweet love ain't around  Something tells me that I'm losing 'Cause these weary blues I've found Oh, my baby left this morning Lord, my sweet love ain't around 
i dreamed about mama last night-Hank Williams[SEP]I've just been to heaven with someone so true I dreamed about mama last night She read me the Bible like she used to do I dreamed about mama last night She never close her eyes to sleep till we were all in bed And on party nights when we come home she often sat and read We little thought about it then for we were young and gay Just how much mama worried when we children were away We only knew she never slept when we were out at night That she waited just to know that we'd all come home alright Why sometimes when we'd stay away till one or two or three It seemed to us that mama heard the turnin' of the key For always when we'd step aside she'd call and we'd reply But we were all too young back then to understand the reason why Until the last one had returned she'd always keep a light For mama couldn't sleep until she kissed us all goodnight She had to know that we were safe before she went to rest She seemed to fear that the world might harm the ones that she loved the best And once she told me when you're grown to women and to men Perhaps I'll sleep the whole night through I may be different then And so it seemed that night and day we knew a mother's care That always when we got back home we'd find her waitin' there Then came the night that we were called together round her bed The children're all with you now the kindly doctor said And in her eyes the gleam again that old time tender light That told that she's just been waitin' to know that we were alright She smiled that old familiar smile and prayed to God to keep Her children safe from harm throughout the years tand then she went to sleep My dream is a treasure that I'll always keep I dreamed about mama last night 
wedding bells-Hank Williams[SEP]I have the invitation that you sent me You wanted me to see you change your name I couldn't stand to see you wed another But dear I hope you're happy just the same  Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel That should be ringing out for you and me Down the aisle with someone else you're walking Those wedding bell will never ring for me  I planned a little cottage in the valley I even bought a little band of gold I thought some day I'd place it on your finger But now the future looks so dark and cold  Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel I hear the children laughing out with glee At home alone I hang my head in sorrow Those wedding bells will never ring for me  I fancy that I see a bunch of roses A blossom from an orange tree in your hair And while the organ plays I love you truly Please let me pretend that I am there  Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel Ever since the day you set me free I knew someday that you would wed another But wedding bells will never ring for me 
i heard my mother praying for me-Hank Williams[SEP]Last night as I lay down to sleep I heard someone began to weep Then I got up just to see I heard my mother praying for me  She was kneeling by her bed And tears of pain were being shed She said, "Dear God, please hear my plea" I heard my mother praying for me  I got my Bible and sat down And in the Holy Book I found The way to end this misery Thank God, my mother prayed for me  I read it on into the night And soon began to see the light And now at last my soul is free Thank God, my mother prayed for me 
my love for you (has turned to hate)-Hank Williams[SEP]I'll ne'er forget that sad, sad  day Darling that you went away You told me that our love was true And then you left me 'lone and blue Yes I received your note today Saying you'd come back and stay Don't come back now It is too late My love for you has turned to hate  Don't come back now on your knees Trying to take me back please Cause you can't mend my broken heart Because it died When we were apart Yes I received Your note today Saying you'd Come back and Stay Don't come back now It is too late My Love for You Has turned to hate 
too many parties and too many pals-Hank Williams[SEP]Too many parties and too many pals will break your heart someday Too many boyfriends and sociable sals may drive your sweetheart away Gentlemen of the jury the judge's speech began The scene was a crowded courtroom and the judge a stern old man This prisoner here before you is a social enemy A lady of the evening and you know the penalty Her eyes reflect the nightlife her cheeks they're red with paint But I knew her mother gentlemen why her mother was a saint Now I know that she's not like her and yet she might have been If it hadn't been for pettin' parties cigarettes and gin We took the night life off the streets and brought it in our own homes While girls beguiled with lipstick danced to saxophones We opened up the underworld to the ones we loved so well So tell me gentlemen is it right to send her to a cell If she drinks while you taught her and if she smokes you showed her how So gentlemen do you think it's right to condemn her now And when you're in that juryroom just remember there and then That for every fallen woman there's a hundred fallen men And before you render a verdict on what this girl has done Just remember there's a man to blame and that man might be your son Now gentlemen that's my story my testimony stands This girl is my own daughter and the case is in your hands Those Broadway roses and prevalent sounds at too many parties and too many pals 
i'd still want you-Hank Williams[SEP]I could shame you 'til you hide your face And drag you right down in disgrace But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  I could tell the world you're doin' wrong That I was stringin' you along And if it all were true I know I'd still want you.  The world with me might sympathize When I got thru with all my lies But I'd be just as blue 'Cause my heart would still want you-ooo-oo Cry, oh, lord.  I could tell my friends I threw you down And slander your name all over town But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  If I said I'm happy to be free The only one I'd fool is me Because it isn't true I know I'd still want you.  What's the use to say that you're no good When I'd crawl back if I could No matter what you do I know I'd still want you-ooo-oo Cry, oh, lord.  I could smile and say that I don't care And then go home and pull my hair But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  I could say that someone put me wise And get revenge by telling lies But when I got all thru I know I'd still want you.  If the things I said was to break your heart I'd be the first to take your part 'Cause if all these lies were true I know I'd still want you-oooo-oo Cry, oh, lord. 
i'll be a bachelor 'til i die-Hank Williams[SEP]I'll take you to the picture show and, babe, I'll hold your hand I'll sit up in your parlor, let you cool me with your fan I'll listen to your troubles and pet you when you cry But get that marryin' out of your head, I'll be a bachelor till I die  I done my honky tonkin' 'round if that will bring you fun But somehow, I can't understand how one and one makes one I like to cuddle near you and listen to you lie But get that marryin' out of your head, I'll be a bachelor till I die  Now, if you want a help, mate, you're just wasting lots of time 'Cause I'm afraid of church bells, how they scare me when they chime I've seen those married people just up and say goodbye So keep that marryin' out of your head, I'll be a bachelor till I die  This freedom's mighty precious in this land of liberty I've seen what matrimony done to better men than me I don't mind keepin' company with the apple of my eye But keep that marryin' out of your head, I'll be a bachelor till I die 
nobody's lonesome for me-Hank Williams[SEP]Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's thinkin' 'bout somebody else But nobody thinks about me When the time rolls around for me to lay down and die I bet I'll have to go and hire me someone to cry Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else nobody is lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's longin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's dreamin' about somebody else But nobody dreams about me All I need is a bride who want's a big-hearted groom I wouldn't care if she come ridin' in on a broom Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else No-bod-o-dy lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's pinin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's crazy 'bout somebody else But nobody's crazy 'bout me Oh, I shined up my shoes and then I slicked down my hair Put on my Sunday suit, but I ain't goin' nowhere Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's yearnin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's fallin' for somebody else But nobody's fallin' for me Now I ain't had a kiss since I fell out of my crib It looks to me like I been cheated out of my rib Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else No-bod-o-dy lonesome for me. 
you're gonna change (or i'm gonna leave)-Hank Williams[SEP]You wore out a brand new trunk Packin' and unpackin' your junk Your daddy's mad; He's done got pee-eeved You're Gonna Change or I'm a-gonna leave.  [CHORUS] You're gonna change your way of livin' Change the things you do Stop doin' all the things that you oughten too Your daddy's mad; He's done got pee-eeved You're Gonna Change or I'm a-gonna leave.  This ain't right and that is wrong You just keep naggin', all the day long Its gotta stop, I don't mean plea-ease Now, You're Gonna Change or I'm a-gonna leave.  The way to keep a woman happy And make her do what's right Is love her ev'ry mornin', bawl her out at night Your daddy's mad; He's done got pee-eeved Now, You're Gonna Change or I'm a-gonna leave.  Ev'ry time you get mad You pack your rags and go back to dad You tell him lies he don't belie-ieve Now, You're Gonna Change or I'm a-gonna leave.  [CHORUS] 
i'm so lonesome i could cry-Hank Williams[SEP]Hear that lonesome whippoorwill He sounds too blue to fly The midnight train is whining low I'm so lonesome I could cry  I've never seen a night so long When time goes crawling by The moon just went behind the clouds To hide its face and cry  Did you ever see a robin weep When leaves began to die? Like me, he's lost the will to live I'm so lonesome I could cry  The silence of a falling star Lights up a purple sky And as I wonder where you are I'm so lonesome I could cry 
i can't help it (if i'm still in love with you)-Hank Williams[SEP]Today I passed you on the street And my heart fell at your feet I can't help it if I'm still in love with you. Somebody else stood by your side And he looked so satisfied I can't help it if I'm still in love with you.  A picture from the past came slowly stealing As I brushed your arm and walked so close to you Then suddenly I got that old time feeling I can't help it if I'm still in love with you.  It's hard to know another's lips will kiss you And hold you just the way I used to do Oh, heaven only knows how much I miss you I can't help it if I'm still in love with you. 
dear john-Hank Williams[SEP]Well when I woke up this mornin', There was a note upon my door, Said don't make me no coffee Babe, 'cause I won't be back no more, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've sent your saddle home.  Now Jonah got along in the belly of the whale, Daniel in the lion's den, But I know a guy that didn't try to get along, And he won't get a chance again, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've fetched your saddle home.  Well she didn't forward no address, Nor she didn't say goodbye, All she said was if you get blue, Just hang your little head and cry, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've sent your saddle home.  Now my gal's short and stubby, She's strong as she can be, But if that little old gal of mine, Ever get's a-hold of me, That's all she wrote, Dear John, I've sent your saddle home.  Now Jonah got along in the belly of the whale, Daniel in the lion's den, But I know a man that didn't try to get along, And he won't get a chance again, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've fetched your saddle home.  Now I went down to the bank this morning, The cashier said with a grin, I feel so sorry for you Hank, But your wife has done been in, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've sent your saddle home. 
i've been down that road before-Hank Williams[SEP]Now friend if you'll just listen to me you'll get some good hard earned advice I don't aim to meddle in your business I'm just tryin' to save you an awful price Now you see these teeth that I ain't got and these knots on my bald head I'll guarantee you boys I didn't get them there lyin' at home in the bed Now take the smart aleck in any town of him folks want no part He acts like his head was only made to hold his ears apart Now he might like what I'm bout to say and my words might make him sore But I'm just tryin' to be helpful cause I've been down that road before To bully folks and play mean tricks was once my pride and joy Till one day I was toted home and mama didn't know her little boy My head was swelled up so doggone big I couldn't get it through my front door Now I ain't just talkin' to hear myself cause I've been down that road before A little fellow about my size got tired of being pushed about So he went to work and when he got through he'd knocked every one of my teeth out One time too many I'd rubbed him wrong and he evened up the score Now that's what happens when you get too big for your britches And I've been down that road before Now when you get to thinkin' you're really smart There's always somebody smarter than you And no matter how much you boast and brag you can still learn a thing or two Go get you some treatments just like I've had and you won't hanker for more I really learned the meaning of living and loving I've been down that road before Now the man that walks this rocky road usually gets just what he deserves Cause he's just a helpless servant to a master that he serves Now I've learned to slow my temper down and not to pick no scraps no more Boys it's a lot easier on the head and eyes I've been down that road before 
just waitin'-Hank Williams[SEP]The old maid's waitin' for leap year to come The crooner's Just Waitin' to sing The old cow's standin' by the Bull Durham sign Just a-Waitin' for the grass to turn green.  The bar-fly's waitin' for an easy mark 'N' the hitch-hiker's waitin' for a ride The life-termer's waitin' for a prison break The beachcomber's waitin' for the ride. (tide)  Farmer's daughter's waitin' for the salesman To take her into town The city slicker's waitin' for the country boy To lay all his money down.  You know ev'rything comes to a standstill Nothin' seems to make a turn Worm must be waitin' for the early bird I guess the early bird's waitin' for the worm.  Nobody wants to do nothin' Just Waitin' to get a finger in the pie Waitin' for a call from a big quiz show Or hopin' and a-waitin'for some rich uncle to die. (deleted 'and')  Katy, she's waitin' at the garden gate The moonshiner's waitin' at the still 'N' the gambler's still waitin' for that Ace in the hole I guess Jack's still waitin' for Jill.  Ev'rybody's waitin' for som'thin' Nothing seems to turn out right 'Cause the night shift's waitin' for mornin' And the burglar Just Waitin' for night.  The congregation's waitin' for the preacher Preacher Just Waitin' for the groom The groom's Just Waitin' for the June bride And the bride's Just Waitin' for June.  Sunflow'rs waitin' for the sunshine Violets Just Waitin' for dew Bees Just Waitin' for honey And, honey, -- I'm -- Just -- Waitin' -- for -- you. 
half as much-Hank Williams[SEP]If you love me half as much as I love you You wouldn't worry me half as much as you do You're nice to me when there's no one else around You only build me up to let me down  If you missed me half as much as I miss you You wouldn't stay away half as much as you do I know that I would never be this blue If you only loved me half as much as I love you  If you love me half as much as I love you You wouldn't worry me half as much as you do You're nice to me when there's no one else around You only build me up to let me down  If you missed me half as much as I miss you You wouldn't stay away half as much as you do I know that I would never be this blue If you only loved me half as much as I love you 
crazy heart-Hank Williams[SEP]You thought she'd care for you and so you acted smart Go on an break, you Crazy Heart You lived on promises I knew would fall apart Go on and break you Crazy Heart.  You never would admit you were mis-tak-en You didn't even know, the chances you were takin' I knew you couldn't win, I told you from the start Go on and break you Crazy Heart.  I knew you'd wake up and find her missin' I tried my best to warn you, but you wouldn't listen You told me I was wrong, you thought that you were smart Go on an break you Crazy Heart. 
pictures from life's other side-Hank Williams[SEP]In the world's mighty gallery of pictures Hang the scenes that're painted from life There's pictures of love and of passion And there's pictures of keys and of strife  There hung pictures of youth and of beauty Of old age and a blushing young bride They all hung on the wall but the saddest of all Are the pictures from life's other side  Just a picture from life's other side Someone has fell by the way A life has gone out with the tide That might have been happy some day  There's a poor old mother at home She's watching and waiting alone Just longing to hear from a loved one so dear Just a picture from life's other side  The first scene is that of a gambler Who had lost all of his money at play And he drowses dead mother's ring from his finger Which she wore long ago on her wedding day  It's his last earthly treasure but he stakes it Then bows his head that his shame he might hide But when they lifted his head they found he was dead That's just a picture from life's other side  Now the last scene is that by the river Of a heartbroken mother and baby As the harbor lights shine and they shiver On an outcast, soon no one will save  And yet she was once a true woman She was somebody's darling and pride God help her she leaps, oh there's no one to weep It's just a picture from life's other side 
they'll never take her love from me-Hank Williams[SEP]If today the sun should set on all my hopes and cares There is one smiling face the gods would see 'Cus she'll walk along beside me up the golden stairs No, they'll never never take her love from me.  What a fool I was to go and break the trust she gave And see her love turn into sympathy It's the one regret I'll carry with me to my grave Oh, they'll never ever take her love from me.  [Bridge chords for solos]  I'm so thankful for each golden hour of happiness That we shared together in the used to be Someone else's arms may hold her now in fond caress But they'll never never take her love from me.  I thought I'd make her happy if I stepped aside But I knew her love would never set me free And even on the morning she became another's bride I said they'll never never take her love from me. 
my bucket's got a hole in it-Hank Williams[SEP]Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.  Well I'm standin' on a  corner - With a bucket in my hand I'm waitin' for a woman - That ain't got no man.  'Cause My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.  Well, I went upon the mountain - I looked down in the sea I seen the crabs and the fishes - Doin' the be-bop-bee.  'Cause My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.  Well, there ain't no use - of me workin' so hard When I got a woman - in the boss man's yard.  'Cause My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.  Well, me and my baby - we just bought a Ford And now we sit together - on the running board.  'Cause My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer. 
ramblin' man-Hank Williams[SEP]I can settle down and be doin' just fine Til' I hear an old train rollin' down the line Then I hurry straight home and pack And if I didn't go, I believe I'd blow my stack  I love you baby, but you gotta understand When the Lord made me, He made a Ramblin' Man  Some folks might sa-ay that I'm no good That I wouldn't settle down if I could But when that open ro-oad starts to callin' me There's somethin' o'er the hill that I gotta see  Sometimes it's har-rd but you gotta understand When the Lord made me, He made a Ra-amblin' Man  I love to see the towns a-passin' by And to ride these rails, 'neath God's blue sky Let me travel this land from the mountains to the sea 'Cause that's the life I believe, He meant for me  And when I'm go-one and at my grave you stand Just say God called home your Ra-amblin' Man 
i saw the light-Hank Williams[SEP]I wandered so aimless life filled with sin I wouldn't let my dear saviour in Then Jesus came like a stranger in the night Praise the Lord I saw the light.  I saw the light I saw the light No more darkness no more night Now I'm so happy no sorrow in sight Praise the Lord I saw the light.  Just like a blind man I wandered along Worries and fears I claimed for my own Then like the blind man that God gave back his sight Praise the Lord I saw the light.  I saw the light I saw the light No more darkness no more night Now I'm so happy no sorrow in sight Praise the Lord I saw the light.  I was a fool to wander and a-stray Straight is the gate and narrow the way Now I have traded the wrong for the right Praise the Lord I saw the light.  I saw the light I saw the light No more darkness no more night Now I'm so happy no sorrow in sight Praise the Lord I saw the light. 
lovesick blues-Hank Williams[SEP]I got a feelin' called the blues, oh Lord Since my baby said goodbye Lord I don't know what I'll do All I do is sit and sigh, oh Lord  That last long day she said goodbye Well lord I thought I would cry She'll do me, she'll do you She's got that kind of lovin'  Lord I love to hear her when she calls me sweet da-a-addy Such a beautiful dream I hate to think it's all over I've lost my heart it seems  I've grown so used to you somehow Well I'm nobody's sugar daddy now And I'm lo-o-onesome I got the lovesick blues  Well I'm in love I'm in love with a beautiful gal That's what's the matter with me Well I'm in love I'm in love with a beautiful gal But she don't care about me  Lord I tried and tried, to keep her satisfied But she just wouldn't stay So now that she is leavin' This is all I can say  I got a feelin' called the blues, oh Lord Since my baby said goodbye Lord I don't know what I'll do All I do is sit and sigh, oh Lord  That last long day she said goodbye Well Lord I thought I would cry She'll do me, she'll do you She's got that kind of lovin'  Lord I love to hear her when she calls me sweet da-a-addy Such a beautiful dream I hate to think it all over I've lost my heart it seems  I've grown so used to you somehow Lord I'm nobody's sugar daddy now And I'm lo-o-onesome I got the lovesick blues 
i'm a long gone daddy-Hank Williams[SEP]All you want to do is sit around and pout And now I got enough and so I'm getting out  I'm leaving now I'm leaving now I'm a long gone daddy I don't need you anyhow  I been in the doghouse so doggone long That when I get a kiss I think that something's wrong  [chorus]  I'll go find a gal that wants to treat me right You go get yourself a man that wants to fight  [chorus]  You start your jaws a-wagging and it never stop You never shut your mouth until I blow my top  [chorus]  I remember back when you were nice and sweet Things have changed, you'd rather fight than eat  [chorus]  I'm a-gonna do some riding on the midnight train I'm taking everything except my ball and chain  [chorus] 
i've just told mama goodbye-Hank Williams[SEP]Each year on Mother's day The rose I wore was red But today I'm saying my first prayer Mama's lying on her dying bed.  I've just told Mama goodbye Mother's day has turned to night Like the flowers in May, she withered away And my red rose is turning white.  This is the dreaded hour We all must face someday Yet there's consolation in my heart She will bloom in the Master's bouquet.  Her time has come to go And there's nothing I can do Only hold her hand and say goodbye Mama's day with her children is through.  I've just told Mama goodbye And knelt beside her bed I heard her say, "I'll meet you someday, Where the white roses turn to red." 
when god comes and gathers his jewels-Hank Williams[SEP]The ceremony was over A lad stood alone in tears For he had just said goodbye To the one he had loved thru the years.  He stood all alone with his head bowed down As though his heart would break Then the Parson came over and took his hand And to him these words he did say.  [CHORUS] When God comes and gathers his jewels All his treasures of diamonds and gold You'll meet her up there in heaven so fair When God comes and gathers his jewels. [Substitute I'll meet her.....on last chorus]  Each night when the pale moon is shining You can see this lad all alone With his eyes lifted to'ard heaven He's repeating these words he was told.  [CHORUS] 
may you never be alone-Hank Williams[SEP]Like a bird that's lost its mate in flight I'm alone and oh, so blue tonight Like a piece of driftwood on the sea May you never be alone like me.  I believed the lies you told to me When you whispered, "Dear, I worship thee!" Now here am I alone and blue All because I loved no one but you.  I gave up my friends, I left my home When you promised to be mine alone Now you're gone, our love could never be May you never be alone like me.  In the bible, God's own words do say For ev'ry wrong some day you'll pay I pray the Lord to set me free May you never be alone like me. 
the blues come around-Hank Williams[SEP]Once I was happy as I could be But I let a gal make a fool of me And ever since she let me down The blues come around when the sun goes down  [Chorus] Oh, the blues come around Oh the blues come around Lawd, the blues come around Ev'ry evenin' when the sun goes down  As long as the sun is in the sky These doggone blues never make me cry But ever since she left this town The blues come around when the sun goes down  [Repeat chorus]  I built my castles very high And then she went and said goodbye And ever since she tore 'em down The blues come around when the sun goes down  [Repeat chorus]  Once she called me all her own But now she's gone and I'm alone And ever evenin' I'm sorrow bound 'Cause the blues come around when the sun goes down  [Repeat chorus] 
help me understand-Hank Williams[SEP][CHORUS] [SUNG] A  little girl prayed at the close of the day, Cause her daddy had gone far away, On her little face was a look of despair, I stood there and listened, and I heard this prayer My mommie says daddy has brought us to shame And I'm never no more to mention his name Lord take me and lead me and hold to my hand Oh heavenly Father help me understand  [RECITATION] You know friends I wonder-- Just how many homes are broken tonight And just how many tears are shed By some little word of anger That never should have been said  I'd like to tell you a story Of a family I once knew. We'll call them Mary and William And their little daughter Sue  Now Mary was just a plain mother And Bill was just a usual dad And they had their little family quarrels (like everybody else) But neither one really got mad  Then one day something happened It was nothing of course But one word led to another And the last word led to a divorce  Now here were two grown up people Who failed to use common sense They strengthened their own selfish pride At little Sue's expense  You know she didn't ask to be brought to this world To drift from pillar to post But a divorce never stops to consider The ones it hurts the most  There's be a lot more honest loving In this wicked ole world today If just a few parted parents Could hear little Sue say  [SUNG] Take me and lead me and hold to my hand Oh heavenly Father, help me understand 
i won't be home no more-Hank Williams[SEP]Well, you're just in time to be too late I tried to but I couldn't wait And now I've got another date So I won't be home no more You're just in time to miss the boat So don't take off your hat and coat Be on your way, that's all she wrote 'Cause I won't be home no more.  I stood around a month or two And waited for your call Now I'm too busy pitchin' woo So come around next fall I scratched your name right off my slate And hung a sign on my front gate You're just in time to be too late And I won't be home no more.  Well, you're just in time to turn around And drive your buggy back to town You looked me up I turned you down And I won't be home no more You're just in time to change your tune Go tell your troubles to the moon And call around next May or June 'Cause I won't be home no more.  I used to be the patient kind Believed each alibi But that's all done, I've changed my mind I've got new fish to fry Well, you're just in time to celebrate The things you didn't calculate You're just in time to be too late And I won't be home no more. 
the funeral-Hank Williams[SEP]I was walking in Savannah past a church decayed and dim when slowly through the window came a plaintive funeral hymn With my sympathy awakened and a wonder quickly grew, 'til I found myself envired in a little colored pew.  Out front a colored couple sat and sorrowed yet a while. On the altar was a casket and in the casket was a child. I could picture him while living, curly hair protruding lips, why I'd seen perhaps a thousand in my hurried southern trips.  Rose a sad, old colored preacher from his little wooden desk with a manner sort of awkward and countenance grotesque. The simplicity and shrewdness in his Ethiopian face, showed the wisdom and ignorance of a crushed, undying race.  And he said, "Now don't be weepin' for this pretty bit of clay, for the little boy who lived there has done gone and run away. He was doing very finely and he appreciates your love, but his shore 'nough father wanted him in the big house up above.  The Lord didn't give you that baby, by no hundred thousand miles, he just thought you need some sunshine and he lent it for a while. And he let you keep and love it til your hearts were bigger grown and these silver tears you're shedding now, is just interest on the loan.  Just think my poor dear mourners creeping long on sorrow's way, what a blessed picnic this here baby got today. Your good fathers and good mothers crowd the little fella round While the angels tend the garden of the big plantation ground.  And his eyes they brightly sparkle at the pretty things he view but a tear came and he whispered, "I want my parents too". Then the Angel's chief musicians teach that little boy a song says if only they be faithful, they'll soon be comin' long.  And so my poor dear mourners let your hearts with Jesus rest and don't go to criticizn' the one what knows the best. He has give us many comforts, he's got the right to take away To the Lord be praise and glory, forever, let us pray. 
beyond the sunset-Hank Williams[SEP]Should you go first and I remain to walk the road alone I'll live in mem'ry's garden dear with happy days we've known In spring I'll wait for roses red when fades the lilacs bloom And in early fall when brown leaves fall I'll catch a glimpse of you Should you go first and I remain for battles to be fought Each thing you've touched along the way will be a hallowed spot I'll hear your voice I'll see your smile though blindly I may grope The mem'ry of your helping hand will buoy me on with hope Beyond the sunset oh blissful morning when with our Saviour heaven is begun Earth's toiling ended oh glorious dawning beyond the sunset when day is done  Should you go first and I remain to finish with the scroll No lessening shadows shall ever creep in to make this life seem droll We've known so much of happiness we've had our cup of joy And memory is one gift of God that death cannot destroy I want to know each step you take that I may walk the same For someday down that lonely road you'll hear me call your name Should you go first and I remain one thing I'll have you do Walk slowly down that long long path for soon I'll follow you In that fair homeland we'll know no parting beyond the sunset for evermore 
never again (will i knock on your door)-Hank Williams[SEP](Oh you) know that I've come back and we've tried it o'er (But) each time my dear it was worse than before Now my heart is broke it's sad and it's sore (So) never again will I knock on your door  (Oh you) know that I love you no other will do Please tell me darlin' why can't you be true But now you are gone it's over and so Never again will I knock on your door  Someday you'll be so lonely and blue Then you will know just how much I love you But now you are gone it's over and so Never again will I knock on your door  Many a night I've cried over you Hoping and prayin' some day you'd be true But now you are gone it's over I know (So) never again will I knock on your door  [Repeat verse 2] 
cold, cold heart-Hank Williams[SEP]I tried so hard,my dear,to show that you're my every dream Yet you're afraid each thing I do is just some evil scheme A memory from your lonesome past keeps us so far apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  Another love before my time made your heart sad and blue And so my heart is paying now for things I didn't do In anger, unkind words are said that make the teardrops start Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  You'll never know how much it hurts to see you sit and cry You know you need and want my love, yet you're afraid to try Why do you run and hide from life, to try it just ain't smart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  There was a time when I believed that you belonged to me But now I know your heart is shackled to a memory The more I learn to care for you, the more we drift apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart? 
settin' the woods on fire-Hank Williams[SEP]You sing loud and I'll sing louder tonight we're settin' the woods on fire You're my gal and I'm your feller dress up in your frock of yeller I'll look swell but you'll look sweller settin' the woods on fire We'll take in all the honky tonks tonight we're havin' fun We'll show the folks a brand new dance that never has been done I don't care who thinks we're silly you'll be daffy and I'll be dilly We'll order up two bowls of chili settin' the woods on fire [ steel - fiddle ] I'll gas up my hot rod stoker we'll get hotter than a poker You'll be broke but I'll be broker tonight we're settin' the woods on fire We'll sit close to one another up one street and down the other We'll have us a time oh brother settin' the woods on fire We'll put aside a little time to fix a flat or two My tires and tubes are doin' fine but the air is showin' through You clap hands and I'll start bowin' we'll do all the laws allowin' Tomorrow I'll be right back plowin' settin' the woods on fire 
there'll be no teardrops tonight-Hank Williams[SEP]I'll pretend I'm free from sorrow Make believe that wrong is right Your wedding day will be tomorrow But there'll be no teardrops tonight.  Why, oh why - should you desert me Are you doin' this for spite If you only want to hurt me Then there'll be no teardrops tonight.  I'll believe that you still love me When you wear your veil of white But you think that you're above me So there'll be no teardrops tonight.  Shame, oh shame - for what you're doin' Other arms will hold you tight You don't care whose life you ruin But there'll be no teardrops tonight. 
jesus remembered me-Hank Williams[SEP]I was all alone and drifting on a lonely sea of sin Nothing but darkness, no sunshine within I lifted my eyes, to the Lord in the sky And Jesus remembered me  Jesus remembered me And so He set me free Once I was blinded, but now I can see Glory to God, He remembered me  Now the sun is shining, I'm happy and free No more sorrow, no troubles to see I'm going home to glory, my savior to see Glory to God, He remembered me  Jesus remembered me And so He set me free Once I was blinded, but now I can see Glory to God, He remembered me  When He talked to his disciples at the sea of Galilee He said He'd remember a mortal like me I asked for his blessing down on my knees And glory to God, He remembered me 
pan american-Hank Williams[SEP]I have heard your stories about your fast trains But now I'll tell you about one all the southern folks have seen She's the beauty of the southlands listen to that whistle scream It's that Pan American on her way to New Or-leans.  She leaves Cincinnati headin' down that Dixie line When she passes that Nashville tower you can hear that whistle whine Stick your head out the window and feel that southern breeze your on that Pan American on her way to New Or-leans.  Ohio and Kentucky Tennessee and Alabam, the delta state of Mississippi, she's Louisina Bound, of the trains in the southland this one is the queen, all the way from Cincinnati down to New Orleans.  If your ever in the south lands and want to see the scenes Just get your self a ticket on that Pan American Queen Louiville Nashville Montgomery the cap'tal of Ala-bam You pass right through then all when your New Orleans bound.  She leaves Cincinnati headin' down that Dixie line When she passes that Nashville tower you can hear that whistle whine Stick your head out the window and feel that southern breeze your on that Pan American on her way to New Or-leans. 
why should we try anymore-Hank Williams[SEP]What's the use to deny we've been living a lie That we should have admitted before We were just victims of a half-hearted love So why should we try anymore  The vows that we make are only to break We drift like a wave from the shore The kisses we steal we know are not real So why should we try anymore  The dreams that we knew can never come true They're gone to return no more False love like ours fades with the flowers So why should we try anymore  Our story's so old again has been told On the past let's close the door And smile don't regret but live and forget There's no use to try anymore 
1, 2 step-Ciara[SEP][Intro] Ladies and gentlemen (Ladies and gentlemen) This is a Jazze Phizal (Jazze Phizal) productshizzle, Missy (Missy), The princess is here, (She's here) Ciara, This beat is  [Verse 1] Automatic supersonic hypnotic funky fresh, Work my body so melodic, This beat flows right through my chest, Everybody ma and pappi came to party, Grab somebody, work your body, work your body, Let me see you 1,2 step  [Hook] Rock it, don't stop it, Everybody get on the floor, Wake the party up, We about to get it on, (Let me see ya'll) 1,2 step, (I love it when ya'll) 1,2 step (Everybody) 1,2 step, We about to get it on  This beat is  [Verse 2] Outrageous so contagious make you crave it, (Jazze made it), So retarded, top charted, Ever since the day I started, Strut my stuff, And yes I flaunt it, Goodies make the boys jump on it (Jump on it), No I can't control myself, Now let me do my 1,2 step  [Hook]  (We going to step it like this. Oooohwee)  [Bridge] It don't matter to me, We can dance slow (Ladies and gentlemen), Whichever way the beats drop, Our bodies will go (I like this ah), So swing it over here, Mr. DJ (Hey,Hey), And we will, we will rock you up It don't matter to me, We can dance slow (Dance slow yeah), Whichever way the beats drop, Our bodies will go, So swing it over here, Mr. DJ (Ladies and gentlemen), And we will, we will rock you, Lets shake  [Missy] I shake it like jello, And make the boys say hello, Cause they know I'm rockin' the beat (Rocking the beat), I know you heard about a lot of great MC's, But they ain't got nothing on me (nothing on me), Because I'm 5 foot 2, I wanna dance with you, And I'm sophisticated fun, I eat fillet mignon, And I'm nice and young, Best believe I'm number one (Whoa)  [Hook x2]  This is for the hearing impaired, A Jazze Pha production  [Fade out] (oooohweee) (oooohweee) 
uptown funk-Mark Ronson[SEP]Doh Doh doh doh, doh doh doh, doh doh Doh doh doh, doh doh doh, doh doh Doh doh doh, doh doh doh, doh doh Doh doh doh, doh duh (Aaaaaaow!)  This hit That ice cold Michelle Pfeiffer That white gold This one for them hood girls Them good girls Straight masterpieces Stylin', wiling Livin' it up in the city Got Chucks on with Saint Laurent Gotta kiss myself I'm so pretty  I'm too hot (hot damn) Call the police and the fireman I'm too hot (hot damn) Make a dragon wanna retire, man I'm too hot (hot damn) Say my name you know who I am I'm too hot (hot damn) And my band 'bout that money Break it down...  Girls hit your hallelujah (ooh) Girls hit your hallelujah (ooh) Girls hit your hallelujah (ooh) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me just watch (Come on)  Doh Doh doh doh, doh doh doh, doh doh (Hah!)  Don't believe me just watch  Doh Doh doh doh, doh doh doh, doh doh (Hah!)  Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh!  Stop Wait a minute Fill my cup put some liquor in it Take a sip, sign the check Julio, get the stretch! Ride to Harlem, Hollywood, Jackson, Mississippi If we show up, we gon' show out Smoother than a fresh jar of Skippy  I'm too hot (hot damn) Call the police and the fireman I'm too hot (hot damn) Make a dragon wanna retire, man I'm too hot (hot damn, hot damn) Bitch, say my name you know who I am I'm too hot (hot damn) And my band 'bout that money Break it down...  Girls hit your hallelujah (ooh) Girls hit your hallelujah (ooh) Girls hit your hallelujah (ooh) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me just watch (come on)  Doh Doh doh doh, doh doh doh, doh doh (Hah!)  Don't believe me just watch  Doh Doh doh doh, doh doh doh, doh doh (Hah!)  Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh!  Before we leave Let me tell y'all a little something Uptown funk you up, uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uptown funk you up, uh I said uptown funk you up, uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uptown funk you up  Come on, dance Jump on it If you sexy then flaunt it If you freaky then own it Don't brag about it, come show me Come on, dance Jump on it If you sexy then flaunt it Well it's Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me just watch (come on)  Doh Doh doh doh, doh doh doh, doh doh (Hah!)  Don't believe me just watch  Doh Doh doh doh, doh doh doh, doh doh (Hah!)  Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh!  Uptown funk you up, uptown funk you up (say whaa?!) Uptown funk you up, uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uptown funk you up (say whaa?!) Uptown funk you up, uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uptown funk you up (say whaa?!) Uptown funk you up, uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uptown funk you up (say whaa?!) Uptown funk you up Aaaaaaow! 
you're beautiful-James Blunt[SEP]My life is brilliant  My life is brilliant My love is pure I saw an angel Of that I'm sure She smiled at me on the subway She was with another man But I won't lose no sleep on that 'Cause I've got a plan  You're beautiful. You're beautiful You're beautiful, it's true I saw your face in a crowded place And I don't know what to do 'Cause I'll never be with you  Yes, she caught my eye As we walked on by She could see from my face that I was Fucking high [Flying high - video/radio edited version] And I don't think that I'll see her again But we shared a moment that will last 'til the end  You're beautiful. You're beautiful You're beautiful, it's true I saw your face in a crowded place And I don't know what to do 'Cause I'll never be with you  You're beautiful. You're beautiful You're beautiful, it's true There must be an angel with a smile on her face When she thought up that I should be with you But it's time to face the truth I will never be with you 
the way we were-Barbra Streisand[SEP]Mem'ries, Light the corners of my mind Misty water-colored memories Of the way we were Scattered pictures, Of the smiles we left behind Smiles we gave to one another For the way we were Can it be that it was all so simple then? Or has time re-written every line? If we had the chance to do it all again Tell me, would we? Could we? Mem'ries, may be beautiful and yet What's too painful to remember We simply choose to forget So it's the laughter We will remember Whenever we remember... The way we were... The way we were... 
evergreen (love theme from a star is born)-Barbra Streisand[SEP]Love soft as an easy chair Love fresh as the morning air One love that is shared by two I have found with you Like a rose under the April snow I was always certain love would grow Love ageless and evergreen Seldom seen by two You and I will make each night the first Everyday a beginning Spirits rise and their dance is unrehearsed They warm and excite us 'Cause we have the brightest love Two lights that shine as one Morning glory and midnight sun Time... we've learned to sail above Time... won't change the meaning of one love Ageless and ever evergreen... 
baby, come on home(bonus tracks available on "complete studio recordings" box set version of coda)-Led Zeppelin[SEP]There was a time, I used to call you on my very own We were so happy woman, Talkin' for hours and hours on the telephone  Then one day, I set you up to walk right outta my life Leavin' me all by myself, All alone, to cry every night  (Babe...) oooh, I want you to come back home yeah (come on home) (oooh yeah) Sweet little girl (ooh yeah, been gone so long) been away so long  Now listen to me: I said I made up my mind Woman when you left me there, oh I was gonna find another sweet lover Who's gonna feel all of my... cares  So I met a sweet little girl, Just about as nice as she could be, oh I fell in love with that woman, But she turned around, and did the same thing again to me...  (Babe...) Baby, please come home (come on home) hoome yeah... I know, (ya been gone too long) been away so long (Babe...) I want you to please come home, oh (come on hooome...)  So I made up my mind, I gonna crawl right back to you woman I'm gonna plead and plead and plead, yeah, 'Till you're here by my side I can't even walk down the same old streets we used to walk down 'Cause I keep thinkin about all the good times Keep thinkin' about it, I wanna make you mine  Babe, babe, babe, please (come on home, yeah) (come on home) (You've been gone too long) 
bring it on home-Led Zeppelin[SEP]Baby, baby I'm gonna bring it on home to you I've got my ticket, got that load Got up, gone higher, all aboard Take my seat, right way back I watch this train roll down the track I'm gonna bring it on home Bring it on home to you Watch out, watch out, man move  Try to tell you, baby What you tryin' to do? Tryin' to love me, baby Love some other men too  Bring it on home Bring it on home  Went a little walk downtown, Messed and got back late Found a note there waiting, It said, "Daddy, I just can't wait."  Bring it on home Bring it on home Bring it back home Bring it back home to me, baby  Tell you, pretty baby, You love to mess me 'round I'm gonna give you lovin', baby, Gonna move you out of town  Bring it on home  Sweetest little baby daddy ever saw I'm gonna give you lovin', baby, I'm gonna give you more  Bring it on home Bring it on home Bring it on home Alright  Bring it on home Bring it on home to you 
custard pie-Led Zeppelin[SEP]Drop down, baby, let your daddy see. Drop down, my lady, just dream of me Well, my mama allow me to fool around all night long Well, I may look like I'm crazy, I should know right from wrong  See me comin', throw your man outdoor Ain't no stranger, done been this way before See me comin', mama, I throw your man outdoor I ain't no stranger, I been this way before.  Put on your night shirt and your morning gown You know by night I'm gonna shake 'em on down Put on your night shirt, mama, and your morning gown Well, you know by night I'm sure gonna shake 'em on down Shake it, shake it  Ooh, your custard pie, yeah, sweet and nice When you cut it, mama, save me a slice Your custard pie, yeah, I declare you're sweet and nice like your custard pie When you cut it, mama... mama, please save me a slice.  Oh I chew on a piece of your custard pie. [4x]  Drop down [6x]  Chew on a piece of your custard pie. 
the rain song-Led Zeppelin[SEP]It is the springtime of my loving - the second season I am to know You are the sunlight in my growing - so little warmth I've felt before. It isn't hard to feel me glowing - I watched the fire that grew so low.  It is the summer of my smiles - flee from me Keepers of the Gloom. Speak to me only with your eyes. It is to you I give this tune. Ain't so hard to recognize - These things are clear to all from time to time.  Talk, talk, talk, talk - I've felt the coldness of my winter I never thought it would ever go. I cursed the gloom that set upon us, 'pon us, 'pon us... But I know that I love you so. But I know that I love you so  These are the seasons of emotion and like the wind they rise and fall This is the wonder of devotion - I see the torch we all must hold. This is the mystery of the quotient, quotient - Upon us all, upon us all a little rain must fall. It's just a little rain oh yeah 
out on the tiles-Led Zeppelin[SEP]As I walk down the highway all I do is sing this song, And a train that's passin' my way helps the rhythm move along. There is no doubt about the words are clear, The voice is strong, is oh so strong.  I'm just a simple guy, I live from day to day. A ray of sunshine melts my frown and blows my blues away, There's nothing more that I can say but on a day like today I pass the time away and walk a quiet mile with you.  [Chorus] All I need from you is all your love, All you got to give to me is all your love, All I need from you is all your love, All you got to give to me is all your love. Oooh yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah, oh yeah.  I'm so glad I'm living and gonna tell the world I am, I got me a fine woman and she says that I'm her man, One thing that I know for sure gonna give her all the loving Like nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody can.  Standing in the noonday sun trying to flag a ride, People go and people come, see my rider right by my side, It's a total disgrace, they set the pace, it must be a race And the best thing I can do is run.  [Chorus] 
hats off to (roy) harper-Led Zeppelin[SEP]When I done quit hollerin' baby, I believe I'll shake 'em on down. Get my baby, won't be late, You know by that I mean, ah, seconds late. Aha, must I holler, Must I shake 'em on down? Well I've done quit hollerin', baby, I believe I'll shake 'em on down. Shake!  Well, I ain't no monkey; I can't climb no tree. No brown skin woman gonna make no monkey out of me. Yeah, I ain't no monkey, Sure can't climb no tree. Ah, I've been mistreated, babe, I believe I'll shake 'em on down. Well, I've been mistreated babe, I believe I'll shake 'em on down.  Listen Mama, Put on your mornin' gown', Put in your nightshirt Mama, we gonna shake 'em down. Must I holler? Must I, must I, must I shake 'em on down? Ooh, I done been mistreated, baby, I believe I'll shake 'em on down. Gave my baby twenty dollar bill, If that don't shake her, Sure my shot-, shot-, shotgun will, Yeah, I gave my baby twenty dollar bill. Well, if that don't get that woman, I'm sure my shotgun will.  I'm gonna shoot her now. 
babe, i'm gonna leave you-Led Zeppelin[SEP]Babe, baby, baby, I'm Gonna Leave You. I said baby, you know I'm gonna leave you. I'll leave you in the summertime, Leave you when the summer comes a-rollin' Leave you when the summer comes along.  Babe, babe, babe, babe, babe, babe, Baby, baby, I wanna leave you. I ain't jokin' woman, I got to ramble. Oh, yeah, baby, baby, I believin', We really got to ramble. I can hear it callin' me the way it used to do, I can hear it callin' me back home!  Babe, oh, babe... I'm gonna leave you Oh, baby, you know, I've really got to leave you Oh, I can hear it callin 'me I said don't you hear it callin' me the way it used to do? Ooooh  I know, I know, I know I never, never, never, never, never gonna leave you, babe But I got to go away from this place, I've got to quit you, yeah Ooh, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, ooh, don't you hear it callin' me? Oh, woman, woman, I know, I know It feels good to have you back again And I know that one day, baby, it's gonna really grow, yes it is. We gonna go walkin' through the park every day. Come what may, every day, ooh  My my my my my, my babe. I'm gonna leave you, go away... ... Oh I miss you, baby  It was really, really good. You made me happy every single day. But now... I've got to go away! Oh, oh, oh.  Baby, baby, baby That's when it's callin' me I said that's when it's callin' me back home... 
going to california-Led Zeppelin[SEP]Spent my days with a woman unkind Smoked my stuff and drank all my wine Made up my mind to make a new start Going to California with an aching in my heart  Someone told me there's a girl out there With love in her eyes and flowers in her hair  Took my chances on a big jet plane Never let them tell you that they're all the same The sea was red and the sky was grey Wondered how tomorrow could ever follow today  Mountains and the canyons start to tremble and shake The children of the sun begin to awake Watch out  Seems that the wrath Of the Gods Got a punch on the nose And it started to flow I think I might be sinking Throw me a line If I reach it in time I'll meet you up there Where the path runs straight And high  To find a queen without a king They say she plays guitar and cries and sings Ride a white mare in the footsteps of dawn Tryin' to find a woman who's never, never, never been born Standing on a hill in the mountain of dreams Telling myself it's not as hard, hard, hard as it seems 
thank you-Led Zeppelin[SEP]If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you. When mountains crumble to the sea, There will still be you and me.  Kind woman, I give you my all. Kind woman, nothing more.  Little drops of rain Whisper of the pain. Tears of love lost in the days gone by.  My love is strong, With you there is no wrong. Together we shall go until we die.  My, my, my.  An inspiration's what you are to me. Inspiration, look, see.  And so today my world—it smiles, Your hand in mine, we walk the miles, Thanks to you it will be done, For you to me are the only one.  Alright, yeah  Happiness: no more be sad, Happiness: I'm glad.  If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you. Mountains crumble to the sea, There will still be you and me. 
celebration day-Led Zeppelin[SEP]Her face is cracked from smiling, all the fears that she's been hiding, And it seems pretty soon everybody's gonna know. And her voice is sore from shouting, cheering winners who are losing, And she worries if their days are few and soon they'll have to go.  [Chorus] My, my, my, I'm so happy, I'm gonna join the band, We are gonna dance and sing in celebration, We are in the promised land.  She hears them talk of new ways to protect the home she lives in, Then she wonders what it's all about when they break down the door.  Her name is Brown or White or Black, you know her very well, You hear her cries of mercy as the winners toll the bell.  [Chorus] There is a train that leaves the station heading for your destination, But the price you pay to nowhere has increased a dollar more. Yes, it has! And if you walk you're gonna get there though it takes a little longer, And when you see it in the distance you will wring your hands and moan. 
all my love-Led Zeppelin[SEP]Should I fall out of love, my fire in the light To chase a feather in the wind Within the glow that weaves a cloak of delight There moves a thread that has no end  For many hours and days that pass ever soon The tides have caused the flame to dim At last the arm is straight, the hand to the loom Is this to end or just begin?  All of my love, all of my love All of my love to you now All of my love, all of my love All of my love to you now  The cup is raised, the toast is made yet again One voice is clear above the din Proud Arianne one word, my will to sustain For me, the cloth once more to spin  All of my love, all of my love All of my love for you now All of my love, all of my love All of my love to you child  Yours is the cloth, mine is the hand that sews time His is the force that lies within Ours is the fire, all the warmth we can find He is a feather in the wind  All of my love, all of my love All of my love to you now All of my love, oh, yes All of my love to you now  All of my love, all of my love All of my love love  Sometimes, sometimes Sometimes, sometimes  All of my love, all of my love All of my love to you now  All of my love, all of my love All of my love to to you, you, you  I get a little bit lonely Just a little, just a little Just a little bit lonely Just a little bit lonely 
fool in the rain-Led Zeppelin[SEP]Well there's a light in your eye that keeps shining Like a star that can't wait for the night I hate to think I've been blinded baby Why can't I see you tonight?  And the warmth of your smile starts a-burning And the thrill of your touch gives me fright And I'm shaking so much, really yearning Why don't you show up, make it all right? Yeah, it's all right  And if you promised you'd love so completely And you said you would always be true You swore that you never would leave me, baby What ever happened to you?  And you thought it was only in movies As you wish all your dreams would come true It ain't the first time believe me, baby I'm standing here feeling blue Yeah I'm blue  Now I will stand in the rain on the corner I'll watch the people go shuffling downtown Another ten minutes no longer And then I'm turning around  The clock on the wall's moving slower My heart it sinks to the ground And the storm that I thought would blow over Clouds the light of the love that I found Light of the love that I found Light of the love that I found Oh, that I found  Hey, babe Whoa, hands on the clock Just don't seem to stop when I'm thinking it over Whoa, tired of the light I just don't seem to find Gotta get away, get away Whoa, I see it in my dreams But I just don't seem to be I've got to get all, gotta get it all Gotta get it all, I've got to get all  Now my body is starting to quiver And the palms of my hands getting wet I've got no reason to doubt you baby It's all a terrible mess  I'll run in the rain till I'm breathless When I'm breathless I'll run till I drop, hey The thoughts of a fool's kind of careless I'm just a fool waiting on the wrong block, oh yeah Light of the love that I found  Light of the love that I found Light of the love that I found Light of the love that I Light of the love that I found Light of the, hey, eh, light of the, hey, eh Light of the love that I found Light of the love that I found 
houses of the holy-Led Zeppelin[SEP]Let me take you to the movies. Can I take you to the show? Let me be yours ever truly. Can I make your garden grow?  From the houses of the holy We can watch the white doves go. From the door comes Satan's daughter. And it only goes to show. And you know.  There's an angel on my shoulder. In my hand a sword of gold. Let me wander in your garden. And the seeds of love I'll sow. You know.  So the world is spinning faster. Are you dizzy when you stall? Let the music be your master. Will you heed the master's call?  Satan and man.  Said there ain't no use in crying 'Cause it will only, only drive you mad. Does it hurt to hear them lying? Was this the only world you had?  So let me take you, take you to the movie. Can I take you, baby, to the show? Why don't you let me be yours ever truly? Can I make your garden grow? You know that's right. 
hey hey what can i do(bonus tracks available on "complete studio recordings" box set version of coda)-Led Zeppelin[SEP]Wanna tell you about the girl I love My she looks so fine She's the only one that I been dreamin' of Maybe someday she will be all mine I wanna tell her that I love her so I thrill with her every touch I need to tell her she's the only one I really love  I got a woman, wanna ball all day I got a woman, she won't be true, no I got a woman, stay drunk all the time I said I got a little woman and she won't be true  Sunday morning when we go down to church See the menfolk standin' in line Don't say they come to pray to the Lord, Not when my little girl looks so fine and in the evening when the sun is sinkin' low Everybody's with the one they love I walk the town, keep a-searchin' all around Lookin' for my street corner girl  I got a woman, wanna ball all day I got a woman, she won't be true, no no I got a woman, stay drunk all the time I said I got a little woman and she won't be true  In the bars, with the men who play guitars Singin', drinkin' and rememberin' the times My little lover does a midnight shift She followed around all of the time I guess there's just one thing a-left for me to do Gonna pack my bags and move on my way 'Cause I got a worried mind Sharin' what I thought was mine Gonna leave her where the guitars play  I got a woman, she won't be true, no no I got a woman, wanna ball all day I got a woman, stay drunk all the time I got a little woman and she won't be true  (Hey, hey, what can I do?) I said she won't be true, no Yeah, no, yeah, no, yeah, no, yeah, no  Ah!  (Hey hey what can I do)  I said she won't be true Oh, keep on, keep on, keep on  (Hey hey, what can I say?) Oh, keep on, keep on, keep on  Hey hey, what can I do I got a woman, she won't be true Lord, hear what I say I got a woman, wanna ball all day 
kashmir-Led Zeppelin[SEP]Oh, let the sun beat down upon my face With stars to fill my dream I am a traveler of both time and space To be where I have been  Sit with elders of the gentle race This world has seldom seen Talk of days for which they sit and wait And all will be revealed  Talk and song from tongues of lilting grace Sounds caress my ear But not a word I heard could I relate The story was quite clear  Ooh, baby, I've been flying No, yeah, mama, there ain't no denyin' Ooh, yeah, I've been flying Mama, mama, ain't no denyin', no denyin'  All I see turns to brown As the sun burns the ground And my eyes fill with sand As I scan this wasted land Trying to find, trying to find where I've been  Oh, pilot of the storm who leaves no trace Like thoughts inside a dream Heed the path that led me to that place Yellow desert stream  My Shangri-La beneath the summer moon I will return again Sure as the dust that floats high in June When movin' through Kashmir  Oh, father of the four winds, fill my sails Across the sea of years With no provision but an open face Along the straits of fear  When I'm on, when I'm on my way When I see, when I see the way, you stay  When I'm down When I'm down, so down Ooh, my baby, ooh, my baby, let me take you there Come on, come on Let me take you there, let me take you there 
four sticks-Led Zeppelin[SEP]One, two, three, four, five, six. One, two, three. One.  Oh, baby, it's cryin' time, Oh, baby, I got to fly. Got to try to find a way, Got to try to get away, 'Cause you know I gotta get away from you, babe.  Oh, baby, the river's red, Oh, baby, in my head. There's a funny feelin' goin' on. I don't think I can hold out long.  And when the owls cry in the night, Oh, baby, baby, when the pines begin to cry, Baby, baby, baby, how do you feel? If the rivers run dry, baby, how would you feel?  Craze, baby, the rainbow's end, Mm, baby, it's just a den For those who hide, Who hide their love to depths of life And ruin dreams that we all knew so, babe.  And when the owls cry in the night, Oh, baby, baby, when the pines begin to cry, Baby, baby, baby, how do you feel? If the rivers run dry, baby, how do you feel?  Baby, how do you feel?  Ooh yeah, brave I endure. Ooh yeah, strong shields and lore. They can't hold the wrath of those who walk, And the boots of those who march, Baby, through the roads of time so long ago. 
dancing days-Led Zeppelin[SEP]Dancing days are here again Summer evenings grow I got my flower I got my power I got a woman who knows  I said it's alright You know it's alright I guess it's all in my heart You'll be my only My one and only Is that the way it should start?  Crazy ways are evident in the way you're wearing your clothes Sippin' booze is precedent as the evening starts to glow  You know it's alright I said it's alright You know it's all in my heart You'll be my only My one and only Is that the way it should start? Dig  You told your mama I'd get you home But you didn't say that I got no car I saw a lion He was standing alone The tadpole in a jar  You know it's alright I said it's alright I guess it's all in my heart, heart, heart  You'll be my only My one and only Is that the way it should start?  So, dancing days are here again As the summer evenings grow You are my flower You are my power You are my woman who knows  I said it's alright You know it's alright You know it's all in my heart  You'll be my only, yes My one and only, yes Is that the way it should start? I know it is now 
achilles' last stand-Led Zeppelin[SEP]It was an April morning when they told us we should go And as I turned to you, you smiled at me How could we say no?  With all the fun to have, to live the dreams we always had Whoa, the songs to sing when we at last return again  Sending off a glancing kiss to those who claim they know Below the streets that steam and hiss The devil is in his hole  Oh to sail away to sandy lands and other days Oh to touch the dream, hides inside and never seen  Into the sun the south the north, at last the birds have flown The shackles of commitments fell in pieces on the ground  Oh to ride the wind, to tread the air above the din Oh to laugh aloud, dancing as we fought the crowd  To seek the man whose pointing hand The giant step unfolds To guide us from the curving path That turns our feet to stone  If one bell should ring in celebration for a king So fast the heart should beat as proud the head with heavy feet  Days went by when you and I bathed in eternal summer's glow As far away and distant our mutual child did grow  Oh the sweet refrain soothes the soul and calms the pain Oh Albion remains, sleeping now to rise again  Wondering and wandering What place to rest the search The mighty arms of Atlas hold the heavens from the earth  The mighty arms of Atlas hold the heavens from the earth From the earth  I know the way, know the way, know the way, know the way  Oh the mighty arms of Atlas hold the heavens from the earth 
that's the way-Led Zeppelin[SEP]I don't know how I'm gonna tell you, I can't play with you no more, I don't know how I'm gonna do what mama told me, My friend, the boy next door. I can't believe what people saying, You're gonna let your hair hang down, I'm satisfied to sit here working all day long, You're in the darker side of town.  And when I'm out I see you walking, Why don't your eyes see me, Could it be you've found another game to play, What did mama say to me.  That's the way, oh, That's the way it ought to be, Yeah, yeah, mama say That's the way it ought to stay.  And yesterday I saw you standing by the river, And weren't those tears that filled your eyes, And all the fish that lay in dirty water dying, Had they got you hypnotized?  And yesterday I saw you kissing tiny flowers, But all that lives is born to die. And so I say to you that nothing really matters, And all you do is stand and cry.  I don't know what to say about it, When all you ears have turned away, But now's the time to look and look again at what you see, Is that the way it ought to stay?  That's the way... That's the way it oughtta be Oh don't you know now, mama said.. That's the way it's gonna stay, yeah. 
i can't quit you baby-Led Zeppelin[SEP]I Can't Quit You, Baby, so I'm gonna put you down for awhile. I said, I can't quit you, baby, I guess I gotta put you down for awhile. Said you messed up my happy home, made me mistreat my only child.  Said you know I love you, baby, my love for you I could never hide. Oh, you know I love you, baby, my love for you I could never hide. When I feel you near me little girl, I know you are my one desire.  [x2:] When you hear me moaning and groaning, baby You know it hurts me deep down inside.  Oh, when you hear me holler baby, you know you're my one desire. Yes, you are. 
he'll have to go-Jim Reeves[SEP]Put your sweet lips a little closer to the phone Lets pretend we're together all alone I'll tell the man to turn the jukebox way down low And you can tell your friend there with you he'll have to go  Whisper to me tell me do you love me true Or is he holding you the way I do Though love is blind make up your mind I've got to know Should I hang up or will you tell him he'll have to go  You can't say the words I want to hear While you're with another man Do you you want me answer yes or no Darling I will understand  Put your sweet lips a little closer to the phone Lets pretend that we're together all alone I'll tell the man to turn the jukebox way down low And you can tell your friend there with you He'll have to go 
into the void-Black Sabbath[SEP]Rocket engines burning fuel so fast Up into the night sky they blast Through the universe the engines whine Could it be the end of man and time? Back on earth the flame of life burns low Everywhere is misery and woe Pollution kills the air, the land and sea Man prepares to meet his destiny, yeah  Rocket engines burning fuel so fast Up into the black sky so vast Burning metal through the atmosphere Earth remains in worry, hate and fear With the hateful battles raging on Rockets flying to the glowing sun Through the empires of eternal void Freedom from the final suicide  Freedom fighters sent out to the sun Escape from brainwashed minds and pollution Leave the earth to all its sin and hate Find another world where freedom waits  Past the stars in fields of ancient void Through the shields of darkness where they find Love upon a land a world unknown Where the sons of freedom make their home Leave the earth to Satan and his slaves Leave them to their future in their grave Make a home where love is there to stay Peace and happiness in every day 
planet caravan-Black Sabbath[SEP]We sail through endless skies Stars shine like eyes The black night sighs The Moon in silver dreams Falls down in beams Light of the night The Earth a purple blaze Of sapphire haze In orbit always  While down below the trees Bathed in cool breeze Silver starlight breaks Dawn from night And so we pass on by The crimson eye Of great god Mars As we travel the universe 
back street kids-Black Sabbath[SEP]I'm just another back street kid Rock 'n Roll music is the only thing I really dig Can't stop the music going round inside my head I'm a rock 'n roll soldier, gonna play it until I'm dead Nobody I know will ever take my rock 'n roll away from me  Sitting in the back seat of a shiny limousine Living in a taxi can't remember where I've been Playing my music, sitting in my hotel room Writing about the stars and thinking about the hand of doom Nobody I know will ever take my rock 'n roll away from me  Living life comes easy if you know which way you're going Got to see yourself in others' eyes, surprised? Living like I want to don't come easy, but I'm trying Sorting out what's true and what are lies, it's wise  Brought up in a back street living with the salt of the land Seems that now my music's paying off my tax demands So listen to the music, want to see you getting so high 'Cause I'm a back street rocker and I will be till the day I die Nobody I know will ever take my rock 'n roll away from me 
too late-Black Sabbath[SEP]Soon it's never more When you've got to pay for Promises - made in the night  Call the magic one And with the magic comes Forever chained to the flame  [Chorus:] It's too late Too late for tears Too late And no one hears you Do you feel a touch of evil (then) It's too late  To wish and make it so To feel the power growing Stronger - blessed by the dark  And when the candle fades You can say it was a Joke you played So you must let me go - no  [Chorus:] It's too late You've said the word Too late Something heard you Too late - now the race is on And you're run out of road Too late For tears Too late And no one hears you Can you feel the touch of evil It's too late  Oh oh oh save me I believe in your name Oh oh I've fallen down But now I've found Nobody to take the blame  Misery It's come to drag me away And when the hunter cries No alibis Get ready for judgement day  As the candle fades You can say it was a game you made So you must let me go, let me go  It's too late - you've said the word Too late - something heard you Too late - the spell is gone And this time you're the fool  It's too late for tears Too late And no one hears you Welcome to forever Welcome it's too late Too late 
megalomania-Black Sabbath[SEP]I hide myself inside the shadows of shame The silent symphonies were playing their game My body echoed to the dreams of my soul It started something that I could not control  Where can I run to now? The joke is on me No sympathizing God, it's insanity  Why don't you just get out of my life? Why don't you just get out of my life now? Why doesn't everybody leave me alone now? Why doesn't everybody leave me alone?  Obsessed with fantasy, possessed with my schemes I mixed reality with pseudo-god dreams The ghost of violence was something I'd seen I sold my soul to be the human obscene  How could this poison be the dream of my soul How did my fantasies take complete control?  Why don't you just get out of my life? Why don't you just get out of my life now? Why doesn't everybody leave me alone now? Why doesn't everybody leave me alone?  Well I feel something's taking me I don't know where It's like a trip inside a separate mind The ghost of tomorrow from my favorite dream Is telling me to leave it all behind  Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow Got to get to happiness, want no more of sorrow  How I lied, went to hide How I tried to get away from you now Am I right if I fight? That I might just get away from you now  Sting me!  Well I feel something's giving me the chance to return It's giving me the chance of saving my soul Pictures of demigod are fading away I'm going backwards but I'm in control  Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow Getting back to sanity from the depths of sorrow  Was it wise to disguise? How I tried to get away from you now Is there a way that I could pay Or is it true I have to stay with you now?  How I lied, went to hide How I tried to get away from you now Am I right if I fight? That I might just get away from you now  Suck me!  I'm really digging schizophrenia the best of the earth I'll chase my soul in the fires of hell Peace of mind eluded me, but now it's all mine I set the trap but it was me who fell  Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow Now I've found my happiness from the depths of sorrow  No more lies, I got wise I despise the way I worship you Now I'm free, let me see That now instead I won't be led by you now  Free! 
lost forever-Black Sabbath[SEP]All your life you're bin slipping and sliding Trying to find a way Sun won't shine but now it's your time to pay There's no turning back as you look The hangman in the eye Now hell's just your death away It's too late to say you care When there's evil in your stare You say you're not to blame  In your head voices mocking Every prayer  Remember the face you saw That once was you Spirit high there's no way that You could lose Give him rope they said As you look the hangman in The eye Now around your neck you feel The noose  In your head voices mocking Every prayer Now you're lost forever  I'm burning with fire it's time to Leave or get out I'm burning in fire I can't take No more so get out I'm burning with fire the wheels of Steel will grind you Burning in fire this time You're lost forever Lost forever!  There's an evil in your stare Lost forever! And hell's just a breath away You're lost forever And there's no way out you burn With fire it's time to get out Get out, get out And there's no way out Lost forever 
zero the hero-Black Sabbath[SEP]Accept the fact that you're second rate life is easy for you It's all served up on a gold plated plate And we don't even have to talk to you Your face is normal that's the way you're bred And that's the way you're going to stay Your head is firmly nailed to your TV channel But someone else's finger's on the control panel  What you gonna be brother - Zero the hero Don't you wanna be brother - Zero the hero When you gonna be brother - Zero the hero Impossibility impissibolity mother really a hero  You sit there watch it all burn down It's easy and breezy for you You play your life to a different sound No edge no edge you got no knife have you Your life is a six lane highway to nowhere You're going so fast you're never ever gonna get down there Where the heroes sit by the river With a magic in their music as they eat raw liver  You stand there captain we all look You really are mediocre You are the champion in the Acme form book But I think you're just a joker Your freedom life ain't so much of a pity But the luv-a-duckin' way you're walkin' around The city with your balls and your head full of nothing It's easy for you sucker but you really need stuffing 
who are you?-Black Sabbath[SEP]Yes I know the secret That's within your mind You think all the people Who worship you are blind You're just like Big Brother Giving us your trust And when you have played enough You'll just cast our souls Into the dust Into the dust  You thought that it would be easy from the very start Now I've found you out I don't think you're so smart I only have one more question Before my time is through Please I beg you tell me In the name of hell Who are you? Who are you? 
air dance-Black Sabbath[SEP]She sits in silence, in her midnight world Her faded pictures, of her dancing girls Her, distant dreamer, on the seas of time Her happy memories, dancing through her mind  In days of romance She was the queen of dance She'd dance the night away  And as the seasons turn the days to years She holds her pictures, hears the silent cheers The days grow lonely for the dancing queen And now she dances only in her dreams  In days of romance She was the queen of dance She'd dance the night away, away, away, away 
solitude-Black Sabbath[SEP]My name—it means nothing. My fortune is less. My future is shrouded In dark wilderness.  Sunshine is far away. Clouds linger on. Everything I possessed— Now they are gone. They are gone. They are gone.  Oh, where can I go to And what can I do? Nothing can please me. Only thoughts are of you.  You just laughed When I begged you to stay. I've not stopped crying Since you went away. You went away. You went away.  The world is a lonely place. You're on your own. Guess I will go home, Sit down and moan.  Crying and thinking Is all that I do. Memories I have Remind me of you. Of you. Of you. 
walk away-Black Sabbath[SEP]Lord she's handsome as she flows across the floor Nothing I've seen in my life has ever pleased me more She's got the look of freedom, and it makes you think she's wild But I can see right through it all, it's the way to have a child Oh, walk away She's looking to love you There's nothing to say Just turn your head and walk away Walk away, walk on She moves in sunlight, never seen the night at all Like a star in the midnight sky, burns before it falls I've never been lonely, and I can't imagine why Maybe she could be the one to tell me, I guess it's do or die Can't see her fire But I can feel her heat, all right! It's rising higher I'm walking the wire Walk on by! Oh! Walk away! She's looking to love you There's nothing to say Just turn your head and walk away Oh, walk on by, walk away! Walk on! You'll feel her fire, she'll lift you higher But don't be fooled! Just turn your head and walk away! 
psychophobia-Black Sabbath[SEP]Mortal eyes, looking through a veil of dreams, Hypnotized, and ever living soul with wings. Think you're god, but you never had control, Think you're loved, but there's no one there at all...  [CHORUS:] My colours all ran dry, and now I see the world in Black and white, It's too late now, it's time to kiss the rainbow Goodbye.  Poison tears running from a palsied face, Satan nears, descending on the human race. Think you're god, but you never had control, Think you're loved, but there's no one there at all...  [CHORUS:] My colours all ran dry, and now I see the world in Black and white, It's too late now, it's time to kiss the rainbow Goodbye.  Listen to the wind, hear the gospel blow, Tell me that you don't hear what I'm hearing And I will let you go. Look up to the sky, put your trust in me, Tell me that you ain't feelin' what I'm feelin' and I Will set you free.  Look into the flame, see the embers glow, Tell me that you don't see what I'm seein' and I Will let you go. Look up at the sky, put your trust in me, Tell me that you ain't feelin' what I'm feelin' and I Will set you free.  Look into the flame, see the embers glow, Tell me that you don't see what I'm seein' and I Will let you go. Taste the holy blood, runnin from my veins, Tell me that you ain't feelin' what I'm feelin' and I'll take away the pain. Yes I will now, oh yes I will. It's time to kiss the Rainbow goodbye. 
hard life to love-Black Sabbath[SEP]Livin' in the fast is easy Till you run out of road Friends will turn to strangers When you're out of control A slip of the tongue when It's done, is often hard to See it thru So never let your words be lies Or they'll come looking for you  It's a hard life to love  For the price of glory you left And threw your fortunes away Never really cared too much for The job or the pay  You're standing in the rain with No cover but you never complain You're an angry young man face to Face but your mirrors insane It's a hard life to love  I'm simply refusing a part in your world And I see how it burns See how it burns And you're simply denying the fact That you're blind and I see no more I see red - I only see red  Think of all the times I was Hurting but you felt no pain Think of all the lies you told me Again and again And still you see the truth From those who continue to lie And now you're seeking life From those who are living to die It's a hard life to love  I'm simply refusing a part in your world And I see how it burns See how it burns And you're simply denying the fact That you're blind and I see no more I see red - I only see red  Livin' in the fast lane ain't easy When you run out of road Friends will turn to strangers When you've nowhere to go Don't give a damn when you're lost Cause you'll die from it all Laws were made to be broken And you do it for the thrill of it all It's a hard life to love It's a hard life to love 
keep it warm-Black Sabbath[SEP]Sweet woman are you feeling right What was it that you did last night You made me crazy you made me fly I can't forget the hungry look in your eye Ooh what's the matter with me? I'm just a runner I was born free But since I met you I can't leave you alone I'm leaving now but I'll be coming home  Keep it warm rat the place by your side Nobody's gonna take away our magical ride Keep it warm for when we talk on the phone Don't forget will you pretty one that your man is coming home  D'you hear the rumour that is going around Say I'm ruined 'cos I've settled down It's not true well maybe half and half You know I love you but I still like a laugh Ooh I'm feeling fine I got it right for the first time Sweet woman I can't stay for long but everybody will be prove wrong  I'm like a gypsy I need to roam But don't worry I'll be coming home I need the danger I need the thrill I need to know what is over each hill Ooh I'm a different man I'm still running but you understand Since I met you I can't leave you alone I'm leaving now but I'll be coming home 
turn up the night-Black Sabbath[SEP]A rumble of thunder, I'm suddenly under your spell No rhyme or reason, or time of the season, but oh well The darkened deliver, I shake and I shiver down your soul You know what to cover, I think for another it's a story told So get a good hold, yeah  Regiment fooled you, you thought that you knew who you are A simple equation, that's the relation, but that's gone too far A time of suspicion, a special condition that we all know So let it all go!  Turn up the night! Turn up the night! Turn up the night, it feels so right!  Nighttime sorrow, taken like a pain Black will not become a white, it's all the same Evil lurks in twilight, dances in the dark Makes you need the movement, like a fire needs a spark to burn!  A rumble of thunder, I'm suddenly under your spell No rhyme or reason, or time of the season, but oh well The darkened deliver, I shake and I shiver down your soul So get a good hold, yeah  Turn up the night! Turn up the night! Turn up the night, it feels so right! Turn up the night! Turn up the night! If it feels right Turn off the light! Turn up the night! 
over to you-Black Sabbath[SEP]Born in a window Nobody's fool Raised in a prison You called a school Taught your religion Told what to do I handed my childhood Over to you  Traveling endlessly, I'm searching my mind I'm almost afraid of what I will find Wandering aimlessly, oh what can I do? I handed my future over to you, to you  Over to you Future looks blue What can I do?  Working for freedom Fighting your wars Feeding our children Keeping your laws Someday you'll suffer Then what I'll do I'll hand all your promises Over to you  Standing inside myself, I'm losing control You made me believe in the stories you told Waiting impatiently, what else can I do? I handed my future over to you, to you  Over to you Future looks blue What can I do?  Tears full of sadness Sealed in my cell Whispering secrets What do they tell? Mad politicians Can't tell it true I handed my children Over to you  All over, over to you All over, over to you All over, over to you... 
die young-Black Sabbath[SEP]Gather the wind Though the wind won't help you fly at all Your back's to the wall Chain the sun and it tears away And it breaks you as you run, you run, you run  Behind the smile there's danger and a promise to be told You'll never get old Life's fantasy, to be locked away And still to think you're free, you're free, we're free  So live for today Tomorrow never comes  Die young, die young Can't you see the writing in the air Die young, gonna die young Someone stopped the fair  Gather the wind Though the wind won't help you fly at all Your back's to the wall Chain the sun and it tears away And it breaks you as you run, you run, you run  So live for today Tomorrow never comes  Die young, young Die young, die young Die young, die young, young Die young, die young, die young, die young, die young! 
snowblind-Black Sabbath[SEP]What you get and what you see Things that don't come easily Feeling happy in my vein Icicles are in my brain  Something blowing in my hair Winter's ice, it soon was dead Death would freeze my very soul Makes me happy, makes me cold  My eyes are blind, but I can see The snowflakes glisten on the tree The sun no longer sets me free I feel there's no place freezing me  Let the winter sun shine on Let me feel the frost of dawn Fill my dreams with flakes of snow Soon I'll feel the chilling go  Don't you think I know what I'm doing Don't tell me that it's doing me wrong You're the one that's really the loser This is where I feel I belong  Crystal world with winter flowers Turn my days to frozen hours Lying snowblind in the sun Will my ice age ever come? 
cornucopia-Black Sabbath[SEP]Too much in the truth they say Keep it 'till another day Let them have their little game Illusion helps to keep them sane  Let them have their little toys Fast sports cars and motor noise Exciting in their plastic place Frozen food in a concrete maze  You're gonna go insane I'm trying to save your brain  I don't know what's happening My head's all torn inside People say I'm heavy They don't know what I hide  Take a life, it's going cheap Kill someone, no one will weep Freedom's yours, just pay your dues We just want your soul to use  You're gonna go insane I'm trying to save your brain 
slipping away-Black Sabbath[SEP]Slipping away, just a heartbeat from disaster Nothing could make me stay, close your eyes and I'll be gone Turn the page, yeah, time to start another story Slipping away, slipping away, time to move along  No reason to stay oh, when I'm slipping away  Take a look at yourself, you've been running in a circle Round and round you go, you're a start without an end Start a new life, yeah, from the city of the gypsies Running away, slipping away, right behind the plow  Slipping away Slipping away Nobody to pay look out, 'cause I'm slipping away  Rockin' the glass, I won't leave you my reflection A future without a past, no more road to take me back Come if you will, just don't question my direction Running away, slipping away, we can find the sun  Slipping away Slipping away got nobody to pay and you're slippin' away  No more running in a circle it's time to move along round, round, round we go a start without an end so I'm slipping away Slipping away 
the letter-Box Tops[SEP]Gimme a ticket for an aeroplane Ain't got time to take a fast train Lonely days are gone, I'm-a goin' home Oh, my baby, just-a wrote me a letter  I don't care how much money I gotta spend Got to get back to my baby again Lonely days are gone, I'm-a goin' home Oh, my baby, just-a wrote me a letter  Well, she wrote me a letter Said she couldn't live without me no more Listen, mister, can't you see I got to get back To my baby once-a more Anyway, yeah!  Gimme a ticket for an aeroplane Ain't got time to take a fast train Lonely days are gone, I'm-a goin' home Oh, my baby, just-a wrote me a letter  Well, she wrote me a letter Said she couldn't live without me no more Listen, mister, can't you see I got to get back To my baby once-a more Anyway, yeah!  Gimme a ticket for an aeroplane Ain't got time to take a fast train Lonely days are gone, I'm-a goin' home Oh, my baby, just-a wrote me a letter Oh, go, my baby, just-a wrote me a letter 
buy u a drank (shawty snappin')-T-Pain[SEP]Shawty snap (yeah) T-pain Damn Shawty Snap Yung Joc (shawty)  [Yung joc:] Ay ay She snapping Ah she snapping Shawty snapping  [T-pain:] Snap your fingers do the step you can do it all by yourself  Baby girl What's your name? Let me talk to you Let me buy you a drink I'm T-pain, you know me Konvict music nappy boy oh wee I know the club close at 3 What's the chance of you rolling with me? Back to the crib Show you how I live Let's get drunk forget what we did  I'mma buy you a drank Then I'mma take you home with me I got money in the bank Shawty what you think 'bout that? Find me in the grey Cadillac We in the bed like Ooh ooh oh, ooh ooh We in the bed like Ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh  Talk to me, I talk back Let's talk money, I talk that Crunk juice bottles Oakly shades Shawty got class Oh behave Let's get gone Walk it out (now walk it out) Just like that That's what I'm talking 'bout We gonna have fun You gonna see On that patron You should get like me  I'mma buy you a drank Then I'mma take you home with me I got money in the bank Shawty what you think 'bout that? Find me in the grey Cadillac We in the bed like Ooh ooh oh, ooh ooh We in the bed like Ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh  [Yung Joc:] Won't you meet me at the bar Respect big pimping Tell me how you feel Mama tell me what you sipping? A certified dime piece Deserve Louy 1-3 150 a shot 3 for you and 3 for me I'm checking your body language I love the conversation And when you lick your lips I get a tingling sensation Now we're both 'bout tipsy You say you in the mood All I need is 'bout a hour Better yet maybe two Let me take you where I live Ferrari switch gears When I whisper in your ear Your legs hit the chandelier Passion fruit and sex All in the atmosphere I'mma let t-pain sing it So he can make it clear  I'mma buy you a drank Then I'mma take you home with me I got money in the bank Shawty what you think 'bout that? Find me in the grey Cadillac We in the bed like Ooh ooh oh, ooh ooh We in the bed like Ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh  Let's get gone Walk it out (Now walk it out, think about it, ah snap) Now rock rock rock rock You can do it all by yourself Let's get gone Walk it out (Now walk it out, think about it, ah snap) Now rock rock rock rock You can do it all by yourself  I'mma buy you a drank Then I'mma take you home with me I got money in the bank Shawty what you think 'bout that? Find me in the grey Cadillac We in the bed like Ooh ooh oh, ooh ooh We in the bed like Ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh 
ignition (remix)-R. Kelly[SEP]Now, um, usually I don't do this but uh Go head on and break 'em off with a lil' preview of the remix  No, I'm not trying to be rude But hey, pretty girl, I'm feeling you The way you do the things you do Reminds me of my Lexus coupe That's why I'm all up in yo grill Tryna get you to a hotel You must be a football coach The way you got me playing the field  So, baby, gimme that toot toot Lemme give you that beep beep Running her hands through my 'fro Bouncing on 24s While they say on the radio  It's the remix to ignition Hot and fresh out the kitchen Mama rolling that body Got every man in here wishing Sipping on coke and rum I'm like so what I'm drunk It's the freaking weekend, baby I'm about to have me some fun  Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce Bounce, bounce, bounce  Now it's like "Murder She Wrote" Once I get you out them clothes Privacy is on the door Still they can hear you screaming more Girl, I'm feeling what you feeling No more hoping and wishing I'm 'bout to take my key and Stick it in the ignition  So, baby, gimme that toot toot Lemme give you that beep beep Running her hands through my 'fro Bouncing on 24s While they say on the radio  It's the remix to ignition Hot and fresh out the kitchen Mama rolling that body Got every man in here wishing Sipping on coke and rum I'm like so what I'm drunk It's the freaking weekend baby I'm about to have me some fun  Cristal popping in the stretch Navigator We got food everywhere As if the party was catered We got fellas to my left Hunnies on my right We bring 'em both together, we got juking all night Then after the show it's the after-party And after the party it's the hotel lobby And round about 4 you gotta clear the lobby Then head take it to the room and freak somebody  Can I get a toot toot? Can I get a beep beep? Running her hands through my 'fro Bouncing on 24s While they say on the radio  It's the remix to ignition Hot and fresh out the kitchen Mama rolling that body Got every man in here wishing Sipping on coke and rum I'm like so what I'm drunk It's the freaking weekend baby I'm about to have me some fun  It's the remix to ignition Hot and fresh out the kitchen Mama rolling that body Got every man in here wishing Sipping on coke and rum I'm like so what I'm drunk It's the freaking weekend baby I'm about to have me some fun  Girl, we off in this Jeep Fogging windows up Blasting the radio In the back of my truck Bouncing up and down Stroke it round and round To the remix We just thuggin it out 
december, 1963 (oh, what a night)-Four Seasons[SEP]Oh, what a night Late December, back in '63 What a very special time for me As I remember, what a night  Oh, what a night You know, I didn't even know her name But I was never gonna be the same What a lady, what a night  Oh, I I got a funny feeling when she walked in the room Hey, my As I recall, it ended much too soon  Oh, what a night Hypnotizing, mesmerizing me She was everything I dreamed she'd be Sweet surrender, what a night  And I felt a rush like a rolling bolt of thunder Spinning my head around and taking my body under Oh, what a night  Oh, I Got a funny feeling when she walked in the room Hey, my As I recall, it ended much too soon  Oh, what a night Why'd it take so long to see the light? Seemed so wrong, but now it seems so right What a lady, what a night  Oh, I felt a rush like a rolling bolt of thunder Spinning my head around and taking my body under Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do) Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do) Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do) Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do) Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do) Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do) Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do) 
you're so vain-Carly Simon[SEP]Son of a gun.  You walked into the party like you were walking onto a yacht Your hat strategically dipped below one eye Your scarf it was apricot  You had one eye in the mirror as you watched yourself gavotte And all the girls dreamed that they'd be your partner They'd be your partner, and...  You're so vain, you probably think this song is about you You're so vain, I'll bet you think this song is about you Don't you? Don't you?  You had me several years ago when I was still quite naive When you said that we made such a pretty pair And that you would never leave  But you gave away the things you loved and one of them was me I had some dreams, they were clouds in my coffee Clouds in my coffee, and...  You're so vain, you probably think this song is about you You're so vain, I'll bet you think this song is about you Don't you? Don't you? Don't you?  I had some dreams they were clouds in my coffee Clouds in my coffee, and...  You're so vain, you probably think this song is about you You're so vain, I'll bet you think this song is about you Don't you? Don't you?  Well I hear you went up to Saratoga and your horse naturally won Then you flew your Lear jet up to Nova Scotia To see the total eclipse of the sun  Well you're where you should be all the time And when you're not you're with some underworld spy Or the wife of a close friend, wife of a close friend, and...  You're so vain, you probably think this song is about you You're so vain, I'll bet you think this song is about you Don't you? Don't you? Don't you?  You're so vain, you probably think this song is about you You're so vain, you probably think this song is about you You're so vain, bet you think this song is about you 
(they long to be) close to you-Carpenters[SEP]Why do birds suddenly appear Every time you are near? Just like me, They long to be Close to you.  Why do stars fall down from the sky Every time you walk by? Just like me, They long to be Close to you.  On the day that you were born the angels got together And decided to create a dream come true. So, they sprinkled moon dust in your hair of gold And star light in your eyes of blue.  That is why all the girls in town Follow you all around. Just like me, They long to be Close to you.  On the day that you were born the angels got together And decided to create a dream come true. So, they sprinkled moon dust in your hair of gold And star light in your eyes of blue.  That is why all the girls in town Follow you all around. Just like me, They long to be Close to you.  Just like me, They long to be Close to you.  Why? Close to you Why? Close to you Ha, close to you Why? Close to you 
(love is) thicker than water-Andy Gibb[SEP]Love is higher than a mountain Love is thicker than water You are this dreamer's only dream Heaven's angel, devil's daughter  Say, my mind, should I go with her on silent nights She'll drive me crazy in the end And I should leave this paradise But I can't leave her While I need her more than she needs you That's what I'm living for  Love is higher than a mountain Love is thicker than water You are this dreamer's only dream Heaven's angel, devil's daughter  Say, my thought, should I find out she don't care at all She'll leave me crying in the end Wandering through the afterglow But I can't leave her While I need her more than she needs you That's what I'm praying for  Love is higher than a mountain Love is thicker than water You are this dreamer's only dream Heaven's angel, devil's daughter  Love is higher than a mountain Love is thicker than water You are this dreamer's only dream Heaven's angel, devil's daughter  La, la, la La, la, la, la, la... 
i just want to be your everything-Andy Gibb[SEP]For so long You and me been finding each other for so long And the feeling that I feel for you is more than strong, girl Take it from me If you give a little more than you're asking for Your love will turn the key  Darling, mine I would wait forever for those lips of wine Build my world around you, darling This love will shine, girl Watch it and see If you give a little more than you're asking for Your love will turn the key  I, I just want to be your everything Open up the Heaven in your heart and let me be The things you are to me And not some puppet on a string  Oh, if I, if I stay here without you, darling, I will die I want you laying in the love I have to bring I'd do anything To be your everything  Darling, for so long You and me been finding each other for so long And the feeling that I feel for you is more then strong, girl Take it from me If you give a little more than you're asking for Your love will turn the key  I, I just want to be your everything Open up the heaven in your heart and let me be The things you are to me And not some puppet on a string  Oh, if I, if I stay here without you, darling, I will die I want you laying in the love I have to bring I'd do anything To be your everything  I, I just want to be your everything Open up the heaven in your heart and let me be The things you are to me And not some puppet on a string  Oh, if I, if I stay here without you, darling, I will die I want you laying in the love I have to bring 'Cause I'd do anything To be your everything 
shadow dancing-Andy Gibb[SEP]You got me looking at that heaven in your eyes I was chasing your direction, I was telling you no lies And I was loving you When the words are said, baby, I lose my head  And in a world of people, there's only you and I There ain't nothing come between us in the end How can I hold you when you ain't even mine? Only you can see me through I leave it up to you  Do it light, taking me through the night Shadow dancing, baby you do it right, uh-huh Give me more, drag me across the floor Shadow dancing, all this and nothing more  All that I need is just one moment in your arms I was chasing your affection, I was doing you no harm And I was loving you Make it shine, make it rain, baby I know my way  I need that sweet sensation of living in your love I can't breath when you're away, it pulls me down You are the question and the answer am I Only you can see me through I leave it up to you  Do it light, taking me through the night Shadow dancing, baby you do it right Give me more, drag me across the floor Shadow dancing, all this and nothing more  And in this world of people, there's only you and I There ain't nothing come between us in the end How can I hold you when you ain't even mine? Only you can see me through I leave it up to you, oh  Do it light, taking me through the night Shadow dancing, baby you do it right Give me more, drag me across the floor Shadow dancing, all this and nothing more  Do it light, taking me through the night Shadow dancing, baby you do it right Give me more, drag me across the floor Shadow dancing, all this and nothing more  Do it light, taking me through the night Shadow dancing, baby you do it right Give me more, drag me across the floor Shadow dancing, all this and nothing more  Do it light, taking me through the night Shadow dancing, baby you do it right Give me more, drag me across the floor Shadow dancing, all this and nothing more 
dancing girl-Bo Diddley[SEP]Runnin' for the dance hall Lightnin' speed Lookin' for my baby Wonder was she dead?  Run on the stage Gotta do my dance What a minute, baby Won't you give me a chance?  Jumped on the stage And started jumpin' around Couple more lessons And I'll have it down  Get back, baby And wait for yo' turn This dance a-take A lotta time to learn  Left foot out And the right one behind Couple more lessons You'll have it on style  Dance all night Dance all day Stay up little girl Wouldn't let me get away  Run out the dance hall I was goin' around the world Tried to get away From that dancin' girl  Holler, Bo Diddley, wait for me I was so tired, I couldn't see 
lodi-Bo Diddley[SEP]Just about a year ago, I set out on the road Seeking my fame and fortune, looking for a pot of gold Things got bad, and things got worse, I guess you will know the tune Oh Lord, stuck in Lodi again  Rode in on the Greyhound, I'll be walking out if I go I was just passing through this town, must be seven months or more Ran out of time and money, looks like they took my friends Oh Lord, stuck in Lodi again  The man from the magazine said, I was on my way Somewhere I lost connections, ran out of songs to play I came into town, a one night stand, looks like my plans fell through Oh Lord, stuck in Lodi again  If I only had a dollar, for every song I've sung And every time I've had to play while people sat there drunk You know, I'd catch the next train back to where I live Oh! Lord, stuck in Lodi again... 
say man-Bo Diddley[SEP]-Say man -What's that boy? -I want to tell you 'bout your girlfriend -What about my girl? -Well, you don't look strong enough to take the message -I'm strong enough -I might hurt your feelings -My feelings are already hurt by being here with you -Well, I was walking down the street with your girl the other day -Ah-ha -And the wind was blowin' real hard -Is that right? -And the wind blew her hair into my face -Ah-ha -You know what else happened? -What happened? -The wind blew her hair into her face -Yeah? -And we went a little further; you wanna hear the rest of it? -I might as well -The wind blew her hair into the street  -Ok, since you told me about my girl, I'm gonna tell you about yours. I was walking down the street with your girl -Yes? -I took her home, for a drink, you know -Took her home? -Yeah, jus' for a drink -Oh -But that chick looked so ugly, she had to sneak up on the glass to get a drink of water -You've got the nerve to call somebody ugly. Why, you so ugly the stork that brought you in the world oughta be arrested -That's alright, my momma didn't have to put a sheet on my head so sleep could slip up on me  -Look-a here -What's that? -Where are you from? -South America -What's that? -South America -You don't look like no South American to me -I'm still from South America -What part? -South Texas  -Where are your workin' boots at? -I've got 'em on -Those aren't no boots you got on; those broguettes  -Hey, look-a here -What's that? -I've bin tryin' to figure out what you is -I already figured out what you is -What's that? -You that thing I throw peanuts at  -Look-a here -What's that? -You should be ashamed of yourself -Why? -Calling people ugly -I didn't call you ugly -What you say? -I said you was ruined, that's all -You know somethin'? -What? -You look like you've bin whooped with a ugly-stick -Hey! I ain't got nothin' to do with it, but I beat the fellah right... 
bo diddley is a lover-Bo Diddley[SEP](Bo Diddley's a lover} (Bo Diddley's a lover) I'm a lover like they say (Bo Diddley's a lover) I can love my baby both night and day (Bo Diddley's a lover) Love my baby is all that I will (Bo Diddley's a lover) I gotta hold her tight just to get a thrill (Bo Diddley's a lover)  I love my baby, yes I do (Bo Diddley's a lover) Ain't nothin' in the world that for her I wouldn't do (Bo Diddley's a lover) My baby told me how to rock (Bo Diddley's a lover) I can love my baby all around the clock (Bo Diddley's a lover) Take my baby anywhere (Bo Diddley's a lover) I'll let her run her lingers all through my hair (Bo Diddley's a lover)  (Bo Diddley's a lover) My my my (Bo Diddley's a lover) Oh, my my my my my (Bo Diddley's a lover) (Bo Diddley's a lover)  My baby fell in love (My baby fell in love) With me and she's the only one I'm thinking of (She's the only one I'm thinking of)  (Bo Diddley's a lover) (Bo Diddley's a lover) (Bo Diddley's a lover) (Bo Diddley's a lover) 
who may your lover be-Bo Diddley[SEP]Ooh-who, woo-ooo-woo...  Somebody's cryin' Somebody's cryin' all over my house I said, somebody's cryin' Somebody's cryin' all over my house Well now, the reason why I know Landlord, the porch light's out  I said, 'Baby, who been drive my automobile?' I said, 'Baby, who been drivin' my automobile, yeah?' Well now, they wore out all of my tires And walked off four of my wheels Lord  Who-ooo? Who-ooo-ooo, talk to me Who-ooo? Baby, baby talk with me Well, now I wanna know Who may your lover be?  Well, baby! He got cigarette burns all over my steerin' wheel I said, baby got cigarette burns all over my steerin' wheel Well now, you know, honey You gon' get somebody killed  Yeah  Whoa-oooh, whoa-oh Yea-a-a-a-ay! You better get-a hold on yourself Well now, I see yo' sorrow Don't you admit it to nobody else Whoa... 
she's fine, she's mine-Bo Diddley[SEP]Tell you, don't love me, baby You don't love me, I know  You been takin' Takin' all my money and all my clothes You been takin' All my money and my clothes Well, you told some a your friends That you was gon' to send me outdo's  Please don't leave me Please don't never, never, go Please don't leave me Please don't never, never, go Well, I'll loose my mind Go stone crazy, yes I know 
mama don't allow no twistin'-Bo Diddley[SEP]Mama don't allow no twistin' in her house Mama don't allow no twistin' in her house We don't care what mama don't like We'll do the twist till mama gettin' back, well Mama don't allow no twistin' in her house  Mama don't want no dancin' in her home Mama don't want no dancin' in her home, yeah We don't care what mama don't like We gonna do the chicken all night Well, mama don't allow no dancin' in her home  Yeah We don't care, mama don't like We don't care, that mama don't like We don't care what mama don't like We gonna do the pony till mama get mad at us Mama don't allow no twistin' in her home  Yeah! Have Mercy  Well, mama don't want no twistin' in her house, yeah Mama don't want no twistin' in her house We don't care what mama don't like We'll do the chicken till mama get mad at us Mama don't allow no twistin' in her house  Yeah-yeah  We don't care what mama don't like We don't care what mama don't like We don't care what mama don't like A-we gonna do the pony till mama get back  Yeah-yeah  Mama don't allow no chicken in her house Mama don't allow no twistin' in her house Mama don't allow no twistin' in her house Mama don't allow no twistin' in her home Mama don't allow no chicken in her house  'Get off that rug, boy!' Mama don't allow no twistin' in her house 'Quit scuffin' up, that whites there' 
cheyenne-Bo Diddley[SEP]Cheyenne rode all day and all through the night Getting into trouble and then into a fight Cheyenne got thrown in a local jail Good ol' Cheyenne was just as tough as a ten-penny nail  And then?  Cheyenne played poker late one night Some tinhorn came in to join and tried to start a fight Cheyenne was so sleepy that he could not see He said 'why don't someone tell this tinhorn to quit messin' around with me?'  And then?  Cheyenne stopped again to get himself a drink He stood by a bar and began to think How he was going to ride out of town He'd ride off across the prairies and put the tinhorn in the ground  And then? Ain't no more And then? Wait a minute, you want to hear about his girlfriend?  Cheyenne had a girlfriend that lived on the edge of town She got shook up inside when she heard Cheyenne was in town Cheyenne was going out and mess with the tinhorn She said 'look out baby don't do me because I ain't going to do you no wrong' 
you're looking good-Bo Diddley[SEP]Oh, pretty baby Oh, pretty, pretty baby You're looking good You're looking good To me To me  You know I need you Yes I do You know I don't need Nobody else but you You're looking good You're looking good To me To me  Tell me baby How you think of love? Now, tell me baby How you think of love? You better look You better look Now, now tell me what's good Tell me what's good  Early in the morning You're looking good Early in the evening You're looking good Oh, baby Oh, baby You're looking good To me You're looking good To me  You're looking good You're looking good You're looking good To me To me  Oh, baby You're looking good To me You're looking good To me You're looking good You are You're looking good 
diddley daddy-Bo Diddley[SEP]Diddley Diddley daddy Diddley Diddley daddy  I got a baby that's oh so pretty I found her right here in the Windy City Somebody kissed my baby last night My pretty baby cried, you know it wasn't right  Diddley Diddley daddy Diddley Diddley daddy  My baby started to cry in vain Say Bo Diddley, you know you're a natural born man I say I love you baby with all my heart Please don't never say we'll part  Diddley Diddley daddy Diddley Diddley daddy  Bo Diddley, Bo Diddley here's our scene I want to know if you do love me  Diddley Diddley daddy Diddley Diddley daddy 
our love will never go-Bo Diddley[SEP]One kiss from your lips Set my soul on fire The touch of your hand Drives me wild Now, I'll know... Our love will never grow  So darling, as I lay here in my bed Dreaming and thinking All the things you said Now, I know... Our love will never grow  So give me one chance to prove my love I'll do anything for you Your love, I'll love I, I, I know, our love will never grow  One kiss from your lips Drives me wild Sets my soul on fire 
cops & robbers-Bo Diddley[SEP]I was driving home on the boulevard late one night When I spied a guy over on the corner, bumming all alone Now, as I passed him by I heard him holler out, "Hey!" I slowed down, see what he said, he hollers out "By any chance are you going my way?" I say, "Why sho' baby, hop on in an' gimme a cigarette" Just then he reached down in his pockets And that was the moment I regret  He hollered, "Reach for the sky" I said, "But I don't understand, sir" "Don't try no monkey business I've got a stopper in my hand"  And then he says, "A-looka-here, you see this here I got in my hand This is a .38 pistol, built on a .45 frame Shoots tombstone bullets and a ball and chain" He said, "Now, I am not trying to shake you up" (And I), "But I just want you to know If the cops start to crowd me any You going to be the first to go So, now looka-here, don't even look back You just drive on just like isn't nothing happening" That's what he told me He wouldn't even let me look back at nothing  He say, "When I get to that red light" He wanted me to go to my left and then jump back to my right He says, "Now-a, I want you to drive up in that alley Uh-uh, not in that alley, that, that one over there And cool it behind that liquor store And keep a sharp lookout at all times While I sneak in that back door" That's what he told me  He say, "Keep my foot on the gas and always be on guard" Because when he come running out there with all that money He wanted me to mash on it real hard He said, "Now, don't let him come out over there And find me a double-cross" Because he'd murder when the heat's on  "Reach for the sky" I said, "But I don't understand, sir" "Don't try no monkey business I've got a stopper in my hand"  Ooh-we, while I was sitting there just rambling A spotlight hit me dead in the face The cop pulled up behind me and said "Move up a little bit, man, for we want to take your place" And then this guy come running out of the store With the money in his hand and said, "Oh, there you are!" Ha, he made a mistake in the dark and ran and leaped in the police car When they put the handcuffs on him I said, "Child, you crime have outgrew him" And then they said, "Yeah, we going to' put him so far back in jail this time Until they going to have to pump air into him" 
i'm sorry-Bo Diddley[SEP]I'm sorry Oh, I'm sorry Oh baby, I'm sorry For the things I said to you  You know I love you You know I care With you, my new heart I want to share Darling I need you With all your heart and soul To know that I want you, and I'll never let you go But forgive me Please forgive me Please forgive me For I knew not what I was sayin'  Come on little baby Come on darling Give me another chance To make up on my wrong You know that I love you You know I'll put nobody else above you Come on, come on Say that you'll love me  I'm sorry Oh yes, I'm sorry Oh, I'm sorry For the things I said t' you 
bad moon rising-Bo Diddley[SEP]I see a bad moon rising I see trouble on the way I see earth quakes and lightning I see the bad times today  Don't go around tonight It's bound to take your life There's a bad moon on the rise  I hear hurricanes a-blowing I know the end is coming soon I fear the rivers overflowing I hear the voice of rage and ruin  Don't go around tonight It's bound to take your life There's a bad moon on the rise  Hope you got your things together Hope you are quite prepared to die Looks like we're in for nasty weather One eye you taken for an eye  Don't go around tonight It's bound to take your life There's a bad moon on the rise ... 
i need you baby (mona)-Bo Diddley[SEP]Hey, Mona Ooh, Mona Yeah, yeah, yeah Mona Ooh, Mona  Tell you, Mona, what I want to do Build a house next door to you Can I see you sometime We can go kissing through the blind  Hey you, come on on the front Listen to my heart go bumpity bump I need you, baby, that's no lie Without your love I will surely die  Hey, Mona Ooh, Mona Hey, hey, hey Mona Yeah, Mona  Hey, Mona Ooh, Mona Can you come out on the front Listen to my heart go bumpity bump I need you, baby, that's no lie Without your love I will surely die 
you know i love you-Bo Diddley[SEP]I'm sorry Oh, I'm sorry Oh baby, I'm sorry For the things I said to you  You know I love you You know I care With you, my new heart I want to share Darling I need you With all your heart and soul To know that I want you, and I'll never let you go But forgive me Please forgive me Please forgive me For I knew not what I was sayin'  Come on little baby Come on darling Give me another chance To make up on my wrong You know that I love you You know I'll put nobody else above you Come on, come on Say that you'll love me  I'm sorry Oh yes, I'm sorry Oh, I'm sorry For the things I said t' you 
who do you love?-Bo Diddley[SEP]I walk 47 miles of barbed wire I use a cobra-snake for a necktie I got a brand new house on the roadside Made from rattlesnake hide  I got a brand new chimney made on top Made out of a human skull Now come on take a walk with me, Arlene And tell me, who do you love?  Who do you love? Who do you love? Who do you love? Who do you love?  Tombstone hand and a graveyard mine Just 22 and I don't mind dying  Who do you love? Who do you love? Who do you love? Who do you love?  I rode around the town, use a rattlesnake whip Take it easy Arlene, don't give me no lip  Who do you love? Who do you love? Who do you love? Who do you love?  Night was dark, but the sky was blue Down the alley, the ice-wagon flew Heard a bump and somebody screamed You should have heard just what I seen  Who do you love? Who do you love? Who do you love? Who do you love?  Arlene took me by my hand She said, "Oohwee Bo, you know I understand"  Who do you love? Who do you love? Who do you love? Who do you love? 
little girl-Bo Diddley[SEP]Little girl, I go home with you Little girl, I go home with you You know, pretty baby Crazy about the things you do  Tell me, baby, tell me your name You know pretty mama You're beautiful thing Little girl, can I go home with you?  I like the way, the way you walk Crazy 'bout the things, baby, you talk Little girl, let me go home with you  Tell your mama, your papa, too How much I love with you Little girl, let me go home with you  I asked, baby, 'bout twenty-one You know pretty mama We could have a lot of fun Little girl, later, I go home with you  You asked, baby, 'bout twenty-two I'd just like to make love to you Well, little girl, can I go home with you? 
bad side of the moon-Bo Diddley[SEP]It seems as though I've lived my life on the bad side of the moon To stir your dregs and sitting still without a rusty spoon Come on people, live with me where light has never shone And the harlots flock like humming birds speakin' in a foreign tongue  I'm a light world away from the people who make me stay Sitting on the bad side of the moon I'm a light world away from the people who make me stay Sitting on the bad side of the moon  This is my life, this is my life, this is my life This is my life, this is my life, this is my life  Ain't no use for watchdogs here to justify my ways We live our lives in manacles, the main 'cause of our stay Exiled here from other worlds my sentence come to soon Why should I be made to pay on the bad side of the moon  I'm a light world away from the people who make me stay Sitting on the bad side of the moon I'm a light world away from the people who make me stay Sitting on the bad side of the moon  This is my life, this is my life, this is my life This is my life, this is my life, this is my life ... 
when the saints go marching in(from "two great guitars" album)-Bo Diddley[SEP]Oh, when the saints go marching in Oh, when the saints go marching in Oh, I want to be in that number When the saints go marching in  Oh, when the sun begins to shine When the sun begins to shine Oh, I want to be in that number When the saints go marching in  Oh, when the horn begins to sound Oh, when the day of judgment comes 
bo diddley is loose-Bo Diddley[SEP]Am Slack Daddy, ain't my real name I'm the captain, boy, I'm the man I wrote diddley daddy too I even wrote folk in the tent for you  Hey daddle dee dum dum Hey daddle dee dum dum Ee dum dum dee dum dee dum Ee dum de dum dum dee dum dee dee  Diddley walked diddley just about him I saw a purety thing and I just couldn't quit Staring at a darling out in the street I hollered "Hey, hey Bo Diddley Hey, Bo Diddley Hey, Bo Diddley"  She said, "Hey boss man, you better hush your mouth Before you grill me, take a look at yourself" I said "Hey hey hey hey hey" I said "Dee dum de dum dee dum dum" I hollered "Dee dum de dum dee dum dum Dee dum ah dum dee dum dum"  Altogether Altogether Altogether Altogether Altogether, yeah yeah  Dearest darling out on the street Hollered "Hey, hey Bo Diddley" Said "Hey, hey Bo Diddley Hey Bo Diddley Hey hey hey hey hey" 
doing the craw-daddy-Bo Diddley[SEP]We wanna do the crawdaddy You all can't do no crawdaddy We gotta do the crawdaddy Well, let me see ya Alright I want you to form a line Ok And then make a circle Alright There you go I'm gonna tell you how to do it Ok  Form a circle Yeah Go round and round Yeah Pick up your feet Yeah And lay 'em down Yeah Hold up your hands Yeah And jump way back Yeah Do the crawdaddy Yeah Like everybody like Yeah  You ready  We gotta do the crawdaddy Hit it Look at me do the crawdaddy Yeah Look at ma do the crawdaddy You're looking good Look at ma do the crawdaddy You been eating regular, huh  Yeah  If you do the crawdaddy right Yeah, yeah I'm gonna buy you a popsicle tonight Yeah Alright Your right foot out Yeah And you're left foot behind Yeah Everybody hold hands Yeah And do the cawdaddy on time Hit it  Look at me do the crawdaddy Look at me do the crawdaddy Wiggle your hips Look at me do the crawdaddy Make everybody notice you Look at me do the crawdaddy Yeah Look at me do the crawdaddy  Yeah Can you do the marathon? Can you do the marathon? Yeah Let me see you hit it Alright  Look at me do the crawdaddy Look at me do the crawdaddy Right  Look at me do the crawdaddy Yeah Look at me do the crawdaddy You're looking good Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Doing the crawdaddy Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah Yeah Look at me do the crawdaddy Everybody's doin' it I can do the crawdaddy Grandma can do the crawdaddy too Grandpa can do the crawdaddy too He sure can - one day  Look at me do the crawdaddy Look at me do the crawdaddy Look at me do the crawdaddy Alright  Yeah I like that Hey kids, I got to go now Don't go But I'll be back tomorrow, you know Don't go I got to go Please don't go You'll do the crawdaddy 
working man(1988 bonus track)-Bo Diddley[SEP]Well, I work on the railroad With a sledge in one hand and a pick in the other Well, I can do more work than my brother Work don't hurt me Well, I look over yonder and what I see The ol' water boy a'comin' up to me Sometimes he be running And then again he be jumping Oh, you oughta hear my sledgehammer pumpin' Well, I wanna tell you and I'm-a tell you time and again It was a terrible wind It was my sledgehammer I'm a man amongst men Work for a little bitty pay Sweat running off every way Oh, I'm a working man 
road runner-Bo Diddley[SEP]I'm a road runner honey Beep! Beep! I'm a road runner honey And you can't keep up with me I'm a road runner honey And you can't keep up with me Come on, let's race Baby baby, you will see Here I come Beep! Beep!  Move over honey Let me by Move over baby Let this man by I'm gonna show you baby, look out your head Gonna put some dirt in your eye Here I go Oh yeah, how am I doin'? Beep! Beep!  Take my hand baby I'm gonna prove to you that I'm a road running man I wanna show you something That I'm the fastest in the land Now let me by Beep! Beep!  Oh yeah, you said you's fast But it don't look like you gonna last Goodbye! I've got to put you down I'll see you some day Baby, somewhere hangin' around 
dearest darling-Bo Diddley[SEP]Dearest darling Dearest darling Dearest darling  Don't you know The Lord above Created you Just for me to love Picked you out From all the rest Because He knew, I loved you best  Dearest darling Dearest darling Dearest darling, take my hand, take my hand  I once had a heart So trill and true But now it's gone From me to you Take care of it Like I have done For you have two hearts And I have none  Dearest darling Dearest darling Dearest darling  If I get to heaven Before you do I'll try to make a hole And pull you through  Dearest... dearest... dearest...  If I go to heaven And you not there I'm gonna write your name On the heavenly stair If you aren't there By turn of day Then I know baby You know the way  Dearest... dearest... dearest... O sweet baby, o sweet baby... 
oh yea-Bo Diddley[SEP]I've got a little woman She ain't very tall She says she loves me Me, best of all  She's my woman All in all She's my lover And she's my ball  I roll around I have a lot of fun She always whispers to me, softly Said, "Bo Diddley, you the one"  Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Sho' nuff'  I hold her in my arms And I kiss her real gentle She says, "Mmm, my I'm feeling real red hot"  Take it easy, baby Your temperature running hot You going to stagger after me, wondering A-baby, what you got  You my ball You my rubber ball Whoa, yeah Whoa, yeah Whoa, yeah Oh, yeah  I picked up the telephone And called her pa at home He said, "Hey, little boy You better let my daughter alone"  He says, "Oh, yeah" I says, "Um-hmm" He says, "You know, yeah"  Her mother got mad And started to jump and shout They started to run down there And have the cops to carry me out  I says, "Oh, yeah" She says, "Um-hmm" I says, "Oh, yeah" Her pop says, "Sho 'nuff"  I says, "But I love her" I love her I love her I love her 
you don't love me (you don't care)-Bo Diddley[SEP]You don't love me, you don't care You don't want me hangin' 'round here Hangin' 'round here, hangin' 'round here  Well, I love you, yes, I do Ain't nothin' in the world wouldn't do for you I wouldn't do for you, wouldn't do for you I wouldn't do for you  Yes, I saw you on the street Tell yo' man, you didn't love me You didn't love me, you didn't love me You didn't love me  Yes, I need you, yes, I do You know, pretty mama what I'll try for you What I'll try for you, what I'll try for you What I'll try for you  What I'll try for you What I'll try for you What I'll try for you What I'll try for you What I'll try for you 
ooh baby-Bo Diddley[SEP](Whoa-ooh baby, I love you) Ooh baby, I love you, yeah (Whoa-ooh baby, I love you) Ooh baby, I love you  Wait a minute You know my woman told me, she said "Bo Diddley, I love you, but I'm leavin'" I said, "What?" She said, "I love you but I'm leavin' you" And I said, "Baby?" And she kept sayin', "Whoa baby, I love you" What you say, girl? (Whoa-ooh baby, I love you) Ooh, I love you Ooow! Somethin' wrong here someplace (Whoa-oh baby, I love you) Wait a minute She said, "Here's the key to all of your locks Take my name off of your mailbox Here's the key to your Cadillac I got my own parked right out back" I said, "What?" There somethin' wrong here And she kept talkin' 'bout I love you (Whoa-ooh baby, I love you) Fellas, let me tell you somethin' Ha, ha, ha Wow! Woo, somethin' wrong (Whoa-oh baby, I love (need) you Wait a minute Let me tell you what else she told me She said, "You know one thing, Diddley I got all my bags packed In the middle of the dining room floor I'm all packed and ready to go" I said, "But baby, whoa baby Baby, baby" And then she told me She said, "Got my own place With some brand new lock I'm gonna tell the mailman I got a brand new box" I said (Whoa-oh baby, I love you) "Woo you ain't Jivin' Are you?" There's somethin' wrong some place She kept talkin' 'bout "Ooh baby, (I want you, I love you) (I need you) (I love you) I love you (I love you) 
i'm all right-Bo Diddley[SEP]I wanna tell you something baby That you don't know, no you don't know I'm gonna tell your heart, better listen to me Cuz it's alright, yeah it alright It's alright it's alright it's alright it's alright it's alright darling It's alright it's alright it's alright all night long All night long all night long all night long It's alright it's alright all day too Yeah it's alright it's alright it's alright all day too I feel alright I feel alright I feel alright I feel alright I feel alright Do you feel it do you Do you feel it do you do you do do you do you Do you feel it baby do you feel it c'mon C'mon yeah C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon baby C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon baby C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon baby C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon darling 
mumblin' guitar-Bo Diddley[SEP]What'd you say, man? Quit mumblin' and talk out loud 
my babe-Bo Diddley[SEP]My baby, don't stand no cheatin', my babe Oh yeah, she don't stand no cheatin', my babe Oh yeah, she don't stand no cheatin' She don't stand none of that midnight creepin' My babe, true little baby, my babe  My babe, I know she loves me, my babe Oh, yes, I know she loves me, my babe Oh yes, I know she loves me She don't do nothin' but kiss and hug me My babe, true little baby, my babe  My baby don't stand no cheatin', my babe Oh, no, she don't stand no cheatin', my babe Oh, no, she don't stand no cheatin' Ev'rything she do she do it so pleasin' My babe, true little baby, my babe  My baby don't stand no foolin', my babe Oh, yeah, she don't stand no foolin', my babe Oh, yeah, she don't stand no foolin' When she's hot there ain't no coolin' My babe, true little baby, my babe  (True little baby) She's my baby (True little baby) She's my baby (True little baby)  She's my baby (True little baby) She's my baby (True little baby) 
story of bo diddley-Bo Diddley[SEP]I was born one night about twelve o'clock (Ha-ha-ha) I come in this world playin' a gold guitar My father was around stickin' out his chest (Hee-hee) A-now, mama this boy he gon fee' you a mess (Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha) Yeah! Yea-ha, ooh, uh-huh  Now, people came from miles around Yeah, just to hear my little guitar sound Now, some of 'em said I had what it takes If I keep on practice I'd be famous one day (Ha-ha) Woo, I'm a mess! I'm a killer-diller Uh-huh, yea-hey, a-uh, uh-huh  Early in the middle of the night A car drove up with four headlights (Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha) Now, a man stepped out wit' a long cigar He said, 'Sign this line and I can make you a star' (Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha) I said, 'Now, what's in it man, what's in it for me?' He says, 'I'd, play yo' guitar son and wait an see' Here I am! (heh-heh-heh, heeee) The girls liked me, they say, 'It's crazy,' it sound nice Uuh-uuh  My first engagement was in Chicago I played fo' some people I'd never seen before It was good too (ha-ha-ha-ha) They like it Sound nice (Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha) Yeah, ah-ha-ha-ha Yeah, man ... 
mr. khrushchev-Bo Diddley[SEP](Hut 2, 3, 4, hut 2, 3, 4, hut 2, 3, 4, hut, 2, 3, 4)  I think I want to go to the army (Hut 2, 3, 4) I think I want to go overseas (Hut 2, 3, 4) I want to see Khrushchev (Hut 2, 3, 4) I want to see him all by myself (Hut 2, 3, 4)  Hey, Khrushchev (Hey, Khrushchev) Hey, Khrushchev (Hey, Khrushchev) Hey, Khrushchev (Hey, Khrushchev) Hey, Khrushchev (Hey, Khrushchev)  He don't believe that water's wet If he did he could've stopped those tests (Hut 2, 3, 4) JFK can't do it by his self (Hut 2, 3, 4) C'mon fellas, let's give him a little help (Hut 2, 3, 4)  We as Americans to understand (Hut 2, 3, 4) We got to unite and protect our land We got to keep us on alert (Hut 2, 3, 4) To keep our families from getting hurt  Hey, Khrushchev (Hey, Khrushchev) Hey, Khrushchev (Hey, Khrushchev) Hey, Khrushchev (Hey, Khrushchev) Hey, Khrushchev (Hey, Khrushchev)  We fightin' over a six-wheel bus My bald-headed crew just parked on up  We as Americans to understand (Hut 2, 3, 4) We got to unite and protect our land We got to keep us on alert (Hut 2, 3, 4) To keep our families from getting hurt  Hut, 2, 3, 4, yeah! (Drill chatter) Get in line there Lord have mercy! Get inline and walk right Your mom can't help you now! Ain't nothing like home!... 
bo's vacation-Bo Diddley[SEP]-Say Joe -Yeah? -I heard you're gonna take a vacation -Yes man, I'm going home -Going home to see your old lady, huh -Yeah, how'd you know? -Well I just, ah, figured so  -You're gonna call and let her know you're coming, ain't ya -No, I don't need to call my wife and let her know I'm coming home -Are you a fool? -You know, you been gone a long time -Yeah, I know it but I still, uh -Still don't have to call home -If I was you I'd call home  -You know I'm goin' on a vacation too -You is? When, when you leavin' -I'm leaving in the morning -Well, I'm leaving the day after you leave -Yep, don't be in no hurry to get home, you hear  -But if I were you, I'd sure call her -She might tell you to hold it up for a few days -Well, I'll see you later, Joe -Take it easy, man  -Man, I sure wish I could leave here today -Why you wish you could leave here today? -Man, old Tim's gone already, he gone on that vacation -He live about 35 miles from me -He do? -Yeah -I'm going home too -When you leavin'? -I'm leaving the day after tomorrow -Yeah, I heard old Tim gone already  -Well fellas, it's time for me to be checkin' out -I'll be back in 2 days 
bo's blues-Bo Diddley[SEP]I want you to call me, baby Call me anytime that you choose I say, I want you to call me, baby Honey chile, I want you to call me anytime that you choose Well, now any time you call me, baby You know I'll be so happy to hear from you  Yes, we can talk about the things All of the things we used to do I say, we can talk about the things We can talk about all of the things we used to do Well, now you know I'll be so happy Baby, I'll be so happy to hear from you 
no more lovin'-Bo Diddley[SEP]A-no more a-lovin' (Ooh, lovin') A-no more a-huggin' (Ooh, a-huggin') There will be no more lovin', baby After you've gone (After you've gone) (After you've gone) (After you've gone)  A-no more a-cryin' (Ooh, a-cryin') A-no more a-sighin' (Ooh, a-sighin') There will be no more cryin', baby After you've gone (After you've gone) (After you've gone) (After you've gone)  I lay awake at night Pictures of you I fight Gone like this You've gone I used to dream of you And of the love we shared  And now my dreams Have turned into nightmares  A-no more a-kissin' (Ooh, kissing') What I've been a-missing (Ooh, a-missin'} There will be no more kissin', baby After you've gone (After you've gone) (After you've gone) (After you've gone) (After you've gone) (After you've gone) (After you've gone) 
say, boss man-Bo Diddley[SEP]I got nineteen kids at home gotta eat Eighteen of 'em need shoes on their feet Boss man can't you see? All nineteen kids I've gotta feed  Early this mo'nin landlord knock on do's Don't pay the rent boy you gotta go Three days, three months in arrears Five days notice you move away from here  Worked all day any overtime Nineteen kids drive me outta my mind  Place I used to work they went on a strike No use tryin' they'll never take me back A-huh-huh (a-um)  (A-huh-huh) a-huh-huh, move (hey) (a-um) (hey) Never gonna move (hey) (a-um) (hey) (A-huh-huh) I gotta move (a-um) (A-huh-huh) uh-huh-huh 
cadillac-Bo Diddley[SEP]I don't want no Cadillac (C.A.D.I.L.L.A.C) One I got, I'm gonna take it back (C.A.D.I.L.L.A.C) Come out the house, early in the mornin' (C.A.D.I.L.L.A.C) Both flat tires, didn't give me no warnin' (C.A.D.I.L.L.A.C) Ooh, ooh, Cadillac  Looked in the trunk, there wasn't no jack (C.A.D.I.L.L.A.C) You know I'm gonna take this Cadillac back (C.A.D.I.L.L.A.C) Willie an-a Lillie come a-walkin' up the street (C.A.D.I.L.L.A.C) Doin' a little wiggle, makin' fun of me (C.A.D.I.L.L.A.C) Ooh, ooh, Cadillac  (Yeah)  Come to the car but the car wouldn't start (C.A.D.I.L.L.A.C) Cadillac is breakin' my heart (C.A.D.I.L.L.A.C) Got it started, pulled in empty on drive (C.A.D.I.L.L.A.C) Keys to believe in natural lies (C.A.D.I.L.L.A.C) (Ooh, ooh) Cadillac  (Yeah-ay) 
she's alright-Bo Diddley[SEP]I wanna tell you about my little girl Her name is Millie-Lu She's all right... she's all right She's all right... she's all right  Sugar baby... sugar baby Sweedy dee... sweedy dee Baby, baby, sugar, sugar  Baby, oh I love you so I'll never let you go You all right in my room You all right at my table You all right when we're walkin' down the street The love in you and me, just can't be beat  Baby, baby Baby, baby  Hold it everybody I wanna tell ya 'bout this little girl I don't think ya getting the message straight I wanna tell you, she's all right She make me feel She make me feel, so good, so good Sure 'nuff, sure 'nuff Babe, hold my hand Babe, hold my hand I can't stand up by myself I can't stand up without your help 
not guilty-Bo Diddley[SEP](Bo Diddley, Bo Diddley, where've you been?) Around the world and gone again (Bo Diddley, Bo Diddley, where'd you stay?) In Philly at night and New Orleans in the day (Bo Diddley, Bo Diddley, where'd you eat?) In a little cafe on Rampart Street  (Did you kill a man named Bob?) To make my baby a Sunday coat (Is it true you bought her that cat?) Yes, to make my baby a Sunday hat (Bo Diddley, why do they call you a man?) Because I killed him with my bare hand  Now, uh, lookie here, this ah, gonna take about a two bar recess  (Why, Diddley boy, you treat 'em like gold?) DJ said I got so much sold (Is it true that the women faint?) Well some of 'em do and some of 'em cain't (Why do the women bow at your feet?) Just to hear me holler "Hey Bo Diddley" (One more question before you go) Well, well jury would you like to know? (Is it true you bought a Cadillac?) Well, they finally come and took it back  Well, this court finds Bo Diddley not guilty Case dismissed 
you can't judge a book by the cover-Bo Diddley[SEP]You can't judge an apple by looking at a tree You can't judge honey by looking at the bee You can't judge a daughter by looking at the mother You can't judge a book by looking at the cover  Oh, can't you see Oh, you misjudge me I look like a farmer But I'm a lover You can't judge a book by looking at the cover  Oh, come on in closer baby Hear what else I gotta say You got your radio turned down too low Turn it up  You can't judge sugar by looking at the cane You can't judge a woman by looking at her man You can't judge a sister by looking at her brother You can't judge a book by looking at the cover  Oh, can't you see Oh, you misjudge me I look like a farmer But I'm a Lover You can't judge a book by looking at the cover  You can't judge a fish by lookin' in the pond You can't judge right from looking at the wrong You can't judge one by looking at the other You can't judge a book by looking at the cover  Oh, can't you see Oh, you misjudge me I look like a farmer But I'm a lover You can't judge a book by looking at the cover 
pollution-Bo Diddley[SEP](Take a look, take a look, up to the sky) (Pretty soon, pretty soon, we all gonna die)  Pollution (Pollution) Pollution (Pollution) Pollution (Pollution) Pollution (Pollution)  Now, jet planes line up in the sky Pretty soon, we all gonna die Some of you people don't understand About throwin' your garbage in the street and use your can  Pollution (Pollution) Pollution (Pollution) Pollution (Pollution) Pollution (Pollution)  Pollution (Pollution) Pollution (Pollution) Some of you people don't understand (Gotta stop and think about your automobile) About throwin' your garbage in the street and use your can (We all gotta run, gotta believe) Pollution (Pollution) Pollution (Pollution)  Pollution in the home (Pollution) Pollution in the street (Pollution) Pollution everywhere (Pollution) Gonna get you and me (Pollution) Pollution (Pollution) Pollution (Pollution)  (We got to stop pollution) Say it, chump, watch that paper bag (We got to stop pollution) Put the top on that garbage can, baby (We got to stop pollution) The wind is blowin' awfully hard (We got to stop pollution) Watch that cigarette pack, baby (We got to stop pollution) Me and you, baby (We got to stop pollution) We got to keep America clean, honey (We got to stop pollution) You and me (We got to stop pollution) 
love her madly-Bo Diddley[SEP]Don't you love her madly, woo Don't you need her badly Don't you love her ways Tell me what you say  Don't you love her madly Wanna be her daddy Don't you love her face Don't you love her as she Walked out the door Like she did so many thousand times before  Don't you love her ways Tell me what you say Don't you love her as she Walked out the door  All your love All your love All your love All your love  All your love is gone So sing a lonely song Of a deep blue dream Seven horses seem To be on the mark  Yeah, don't you love her Don't you love her As she walked out the door  All your love All your love All your love All your love All your love is gone So sing a lonely song Of a deep blue dream Seven horses seem To be on the mark  Don't you love her madly Don't you need her badly Don't you love her ways Tell me what you say Don't you love her madly Don't you love her madly, yeah Don't you love her madly Don't you love her madly Don't you love her madly Tell me what you say 
hey! bo diddley-Bo Diddley[SEP]Bo Diddley had a farm (Hey! Bo Diddley) On that farm he had some women (Hey! Bo Diddley) Women here, women there (Hey! Bo Diddley) Women, women, women everywhere (Hey! Bo Diddley)  But one little girl lived on a hill (Hey! Bo Diddley) She rustled and tussled like Buffalo Bill (Hey! Bo Diddley) One day she decided she'd go for a ride (Hey! Bo Diddley) With a pistol on her shoulder and a knife by her side (Hey! Bo Diddley)  She rode right up to my front door (Hey! Bo Diddley) Knocked and knocked till her fist got sore (Hey! Bo Diddley) When she turned and walked away (Hey! Bo Diddley) All you could hear my baby say (Hey! Bo Diddley)  Hey! Bo Diddley (Hey! Bo Diddley) Hey! Bo Diddley (Hey! Bo Diddley) Oh! Bo Diddley (Oh! Bo Diddley) Oh! Bo Diddley (Oh! Bo Diddley)  Saw my baby run across the field (Hey! Bo Diddley) Slippin' and sliddin' like an automobile (Hey! Bo Diddley) Hollered at my baby and told her to wait (Hey! Bo Diddley) Slipped off from me like a Cadillac-8 (Hey! Bo Diddley)  Hey! Bo Diddley (Hey! Bo Diddley) Hey! Bo Diddley (Oh! Bo Diddley) Hey! Bo Diddley (Hey! Bo Diddley) 
i love you more than you'll ever know-Bo Diddley[SEP]If I ever leave you, baby You can say I told you so If I ever hurt you, baby You know I hurt myself as well Is that any way for a man to carry on? D'you think he wants his little loved one gone? I love you baby, more than you'll ever know More than you'll ever know  When I wasn't makin' too much money You know where my paycheck went You know I brought it home to baby And I never spent one red cent Is that any way for a man to carry on D'you think he wants his little loved one gone? I love you baby, more than you'll ever know More than you'll ever know  I'm not tryin' to be Any kind of man I'm tryin' to be somebody You can love, trust and understand I know that I can be A part of you that no one else could see I just gotta hear, to hear you say It's all right  I'm only flesh and blood But I can be anything that you demand I could be President of General Motors, baby Or just a tiny little grain of sand Is that any way for a man to carry on D'you think he wants his little loved one gone? Yes, I love you baby, I love you baby I love you more than you'll ever know More than you'll ever know  If I ever leave you, baby You can say, I told you so And if I ever hurt you, baby You know, I hurt myself as well Is that any way for a man to carry on D'you think he wants his little loved one gone? I love you baby, more than you'll ever know More than you'll ever know ... 
whoa mule (shine)-Bo Diddley[SEP]Whoa! Mule  Way down South around the house You really oughta hear them coons howl My pappy had a mule, his name was Shine Used to let the cows out all the time  Whoa! Mule  He'd run down the road and stop and look back With sweat running all up and down his back I could get close enough to hang around his neck Last night our wagon he wrecked  Whoa! Mule Mule fool  My pappy ran home and got his gun Ah, you oughta see old Shine run I could get close enough, you see Old Shine would never hurt me  Whoa! Mule 
i can tell-Bo Diddley[SEP]I can tell because it's plain to see I can tell the way you look at me The way you know, you hold my hand Yes, pretty baby I can understand I can tell, I can tell I know you don't love me no more  No more, no more No more, a-no more I can tell, I can tell I know you don't love me no more  I asked your mama and your papa, too What more can a poor man do? Now, you been runnin' with a heart-breaker child, around Yes, a new boy's why you put me down I can tell, I can tell I know you don't love me no more  Well, you won't answer your telephone When I knock on your door They say that you ain't home Your sister let me in And tell me I can wait  When you come home You show up real late  Now, I can tell Oh, I can tell I know you don't love me no more  No more I said, no more No more No more  Baby, I can give you romance Only if you give me another chance I'll cook your food and wash your clothes I promise I'll keep your warm when it get cold  I can tell I can tell I know you don't love me no more  No more No more A-no more 
ride on josephine-Bo Diddley[SEP]Ride on Josephine, ride on Ride on Josephine, ride on Ride on Josephine, you got a runnin' machine A-baby, baby, ride on Josephine, baby ride on  Well, Josephine drivin' a hot rod Ford Twin carburator will eat up the road Twin exhaust stickin' out the rear Somethin' that will really take away from here  Ride on Josephine, ride on Ride on Josephine, ride on Ride on Josephine, you got a runnin' machine Baby, baby, ride on a-Josephine, baby ride on  Josephine's Ford begin to run hot She tried to trade it in at a used car lot The man couldn't believe his nat'ral eyes When she pulled it in to his drive  Ride on, Josephine, ride on Say, Josephine (Ride on Josephine, ride on) Josephine, child yo' tank is leakin' gas (Ride on Josephine, ride on)  Say what? Baby, you better shut up and come on ride wit' me Ye-ah, you better ride with me  You say I better mind my business? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha You got business baby, you, you good business I just lo-ooh-ooh-ve good business! (it's sho' good) (Oh, yeah) You say, what kind of car I drivin'? (maroon '40 Ford) Well, I-I'ma  I'm drivin' a '48 Cadillac With Thunderbird wings Tellin' you baby, that's a runnin' thing I got wings that'll open And get her in the air I think I can take it away from here  A-ride on Josephine, ride on Ride on, Josephine, ride on Ride on Josephine Child, you got a runnin' machine A-baby, baby, ride on Josephine, baby ride on  Well, I bl-bl-believe you, baby 'Cause you-a, you-a, you ain't, been flagged He-he  I'm goin'... Goodbye... Hee-hee... 
sixteen tons-Bo Diddley[SEP]People say a man is made outta mud Poor man made outta muscle and blood Muscle and blood and skin and bones A mind that's a-weak and a back that's strong  You load sixteen tons, what do you get? Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter, don't you call me 'cause I can't go Owe my soul to the company store  I was born one mornin' when the sun didn't shine I picked up my shovel and I started to the mine I loaded sixteen tons of number nine coal The straw boss said, "Well, now bless his soul"  He loaded sixteen tons and what did he get? Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter, don't you call me 'cause I can't go Owe my soul to the company store  You see me comin', you better step aside A lotta men didn't and a lotta of 'em died One fist of iron, the other one of steel The right one don't get you, then the left one will  You load sixteen tons and what do you get? Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter, don't you call me 'cause I can't go Owe my soul to the company store 
i love you so-Bo Diddley[SEP]Oh, I, I, I, baby, I love you so You know, you know, I love you so  All my life I been lovin' you Sometimes I wonder, baby, what you're gonna do You told me honey, that our love's unreal I can't be with you 'cause you won't be filled You keep tellin' all our closest friends That you were with me from the very beginnin' I, I, yeah, I love you so  In the morning, it's all right In the evening, it's still all right In the night, it's all right Where you be, it's still all right I, I, love you 
mama, keep your big mouth shut-Bo Diddley[SEP]Hey, mama, keep your big mouth shut Keep your big mouth shut Hey, mama, keep your big mouth shut Keep your big mouth shut  Your daughter she's old enough to make up her own mind She's got sense enough to know, yeah Wether she wants to be mine Keep your big mouth shut Keep your big mouth shut Hey mama, keep your big mouth shut Keep your big mouth shut  I'm in love with your little girl An' your little girl's in love with me You know we're together now An' oh how happy we could be if you'd Keep your big mouth shut Hey mama, keep your big mouth shut Keep your big mouth shut  You say I'm not good enough to be your daughter's man But when trouble comes her way I'll be right there to hold her hand Hey mama, keep your big mouth shut Keep your big mouth shut  Your daughter, she knows what she wants An' she's got what she knows about The way that she loves me, ouch, jus' Knocks me out Keep your big mouth shut Keep your big mouth shut  Hey mama, keep your big mouth shut Keep your big mouth shut  Get our coat an' hat Now go on home an' leave us alone 
bo diddley-Bo Diddley[SEP]Bo Diddley buy his baby diamond ring If that diamond ring don't shine He gonna take it to a private eye If that private eye can't see He better not take the ring from me  Bo Diddley caught a nanny goat To make his pretty baby a Sunday coat Bo Diddley caught a feral cat To make his pretty baby a Sunday hat  Mojo come to my house with black cat bone A-take my baby all away from home Ugly that Mojo, where has he been Up your house and gone again Bo Diddley, Bo Diddley have you heard My pretty baby said she was a bird 
i'm looking for a woman-Bo Diddley[SEP]I'm looking for a woman That will work to set me down I'm looking for a woman That will work to set me down I've bin looking all night long She can't be found  Well, I met one last night And I told her what I liked Well, I met one last night And I told her what I liked She said get away from here country boy Go back to your countryside  Well, tell me baby What you see wrong with me Well, tell me baby What you see wrong with me Well, if I had you baby You wouldn't be lookin' back at me  Well, so long mama Baby bye-bye you bye Well, so long mama Baby bye-bye you bye Well, now bye-bye baby With a tear in your eye 
somewhere-Bo Diddley[SEP]Somewhere Over the rainbow I'll find my darling Somewhere there I know  Darling Do you still love me? For I love you and I'll I wanna always be  This love deeper How I feel I'll go on loving you You still  You know that I love you My love is true You know can't nobody else Take me away from you  But somewhere Over the rainbow I'll find my love Somewhere there, I know  Somewhere Over the rainbow I'll find my love Whoa, over there Over there 
i'm a man-Bo Diddley[SEP]Now when I was a little boy At the age of five I had somethin' in my pocket Keep a lot of folks alive  Now I'm a man Made twenty-one You know baby We can have a lot of fun  I'm a man I spell M-A-N... man  All you pretty women Stand in line I can make love to you, baby In an hour's time  I'm a man I spell M-A-N... man  I goin' back down To Kansas to Bring back the second cousin Little John the conqueroo  I'm a man I spell M-A-N... man  The line I shoot Will never miss The way I make love to 'em They can't resist  I'm a man I spell M-A-N... man 
down on the corner-Bo Diddley[SEP]Early in the evenin', just about supper time Over by the courthouse, they're startin' to unwind Four kids on the corner, trying to bring you up Willy picks a tune out and he blows it on the harp  Down on the corner Out in the street Willy and the Poor Boys are playin' Bring a nickel, tap your feet  Rooster hits the washboard and people just got to smile Blinky thumps the gut bass and solos for a while Poor Boy twangs the rhythm out, on his Kalamazoo And Willy goes into a dance, doubles on kazoo  Down on the corner Out in the street Willy and the Poor Boys are playin' Bring a nickel, tap your feet  Down on the corner Out in the street Willy and the Poor Boys are playin' Bring a nickel, tap your feet  You don't need a penny, just to hang around But if you've got a nickel, won't you lay your money down Over on the corner, there's a happy noise People come from all around to watch the magic boy  Down on the corner Out in the street Willy and the Poor Boys are playin' Bring a nickel, tap your feet ... 
don't let it go-Bo Diddley[SEP]All night and the night before (Don't let it go) Somebody kept a-knockin' on the door (Don't let it go) Got up and see what the noise (Don't let it go) Spot myself a rowdy young boy (Don't let it go)  Put on my hat, put on my shoes (Don't let it go) I ran out the door to see what I could do (Don't let it go) They were singin' a song called (Boo-hoo-hoo)  Look out here come the rhythm boys (Boo-hoo-hoo) I was out there shakin' their hands (Boo-hoo-hoo) One cat broke out singin', "I'm A Man" (Boo-hoo-hoo) Hold on to what you got but don't let go (Don't let it go)  Hold on to what you got but don't let go (yeah, yeah) (Don't let it go) Hold on to what you got but don't let go (Don't let it go)  Hold on to what you got but don't let go (Don't let it go) We've changed the tune and start singin' a song (Don't let it go) (Boo-hoo-hoo) I like yo' woman ain't gon' do no harm (Boo-hoo-hoo)  I said, "Get away beer boy, your mind's messed up" (Boo-hoo-hoo) She bring me my coffee in her favorite cup (Boo-hoo-hoo)  Hold on to what you got but don't let go (Don't let it go) Hold on to what you got but don't let go (Don't let it go) Hold on to what you got but don't let go (Don't let it go) Hold on to what you got but don't let go (Don't let it go)  Goin' start to singin', you're singin' in vain (Don't let it go) I like a-your woman, it's a cryin' shame (Don't let it go) I said, "No, no, no, that won't work, here" (Don't let it go) You better go back, grow up, come back next year (Don't let it go)  She said, "Hold on to what you got but don't let it go" (Don't let it go) She said, "Hold on to what you got but don't let it go" (Don't let it go) She said, "Hold on to what you got but don't let it go" (Don't let it go)  (Say, hey) (Don't let it go) (Say, hey) 
deed and deed i do-Bo Diddley[SEP](Deed and deed and deed I do) (Bo, deed and deed and deed I do) (Bo, Bo, deed and deed and deed I do) (Love you baby, yes I do)  Come on baby, let me walk you home You know why the world won't do you no wrong Because I love you, so (Love you baby, yes I know)  And deed and deed and deed I do And deed and deed and deed I do (Bo-Bo) deed and deed and deed I do (Love you baby, a-please be true)  Can I meet yo mom and dad A-you the pretty girl I ever had Because I love you so (Love you baby, a-this I know)  Can I tell your momma and pappa That I want you for my own Do you know that I love you so (Love you baby, a-this I know)  We were walking in the rain I'm going to tell you pretty baby You're a pretty thing Because I love you, so (Love you baby, a-this I know)  Come on baby, lend me one kiss I want to be show to come near Because I love you, so (Love you baby, a-please don't go)  I love you, love you, yes Oh pretty baby, our love will never last Because I love you, so (Love you baby, this I know)  (Deed, deed and deed and deed I do) (Bo-Bo, deed and deed and deed I do) (Bo-Bo, deed and deed and deed I do) (Pretty baby, deed and deed I do)  (Oh, in deed and deed and deed I do) (Bo, deed and deed and deed I do) (Bo-Bo, deed and deed and deed I do) 
nursery rhyme-Bo Diddley[SEP]My sister's name is Puuding Tame They asked if she would stay the same My brother's name is Little Jack Horner My mama asked to watch to heat warm them  Sister told papa when he got home Papa, papa, he sassed and moaned Papa looked at brother, far in his eyes Brother started on the hand jive  He called sister, and he called mom Said, "Look here, look here, what's this going on?" Everybody had a real surprise But brother had tears in his eyes  Brother's so scared he couldn't walk Papa's afraid he could not talk 
willie and lillie-Bo Diddley[SEP]Willie and Lillie used to live on a hill Wasn't for rock n' roll, Lillie be there still Rock her own little rock-a-billys Made me lose a-my sweet, little, Lillie  Forty days, forty nights Still no Lillie in sight Up on the mountain like a jack Hollin' an howlin' 'til Lillie, come back Up on the mountain I was facin' the moon Ev'ry little star tell me be Lillie, soon  Up on the mountain at the general store Willie's mama bought him a hi-fi, his very own On up the road, Willie strolled Just about the time Lillie knocked on the do'  She said, "Hello, Willy I love you so" He said, "Hello, Lillie why did you go?" She said, "A-hello, Willie I ain't gon' leave no mo"  He said, "Hello, Lillie I love you, so" "Hello, Willie, I love you, so" He said, "A-hello Lillie" 
bring it to jerome-Bo Diddley[SEP]Well, every day I work Bringing home my pay Come to find out baby You've bin giving my money away  Tell me baby What you tryin' to do? You ain't seen me hummin' Like you used to do  Tell me mama What's wrong with you? You know pretty baby I'm so crazy 'bout you  All you pretty women Bring it to my home You don't have to worry I won't do you no wrong  Bring it on home Bring it to Jerome Bring it on home Bring it to Jerome  Look here pretty baby This mess I won't stand All the other women Say you got another man  Bring it on home Bring it to Jerome Bring it on home Bring it to Jerome 
pills-Bo Diddley[SEP]While I was laying in a hospital bed A rock n' roll nurse went through my head She says, 'Hold out your arm, stick out yo' tongue I got some pills, boy, I'm 'on give you one'  She went through my head, through my head Through my head, through my head She went to my head, through my head While I was layin' in a hospital bed  She gave me thrills from my toes For leggin' ache She gave me pills from her love But a little too late  She gave me pills for my heart To put me at ease The rock n' roll nurse Shook me dead to my knees  She went through my head, through my head Through my head, through my head She went through my head, through my head While I was layin' in the hospital bed  Nurses, nurses, can't you see I don't dig this jive you givin' me? Give me yo' pill or give me your shot You got me wonderin' what, what have I got?  She went through my head, through my head Through my head, through my head Through my head, she went through my head While I was layin' in that hospital bed  Doctor, doctor, run here 'n see I don't dig this jive this nurse givin' me She gimme a shot, she give me yo' pills I'm takin' this junk a'gin my will  She went through my head, through my head Through my head, to my head He went through my head, through my head While I was layin' in that hospital bed  Ow! Look out man, Ow! 
gunslinger-Bo Diddley[SEP]Bo Diddley's a gunslinger Bo Diddley's a gunslinger Yeh, ah-ha Yeh, ah-ha  I've got a story I really want to tell About Bo Diddley at the o-k corral Now, Bo Diddley didn't stand no mess He wore a gun on his hip and a rose on his chest  Bo Diddley's a gunslinger Bo Diddley's a gunslinger Yeh, ah-ha (he must be!) Yeh, ah-ha (sure 'nuff!)  When Bo Diddley come to town The streets get empty and the sun go down Sheriff's standing in the doorway You know he's so scared to say  Yeh, ah-ha Yeh, ah-ha Bo Diddley's a gunslinger Bo Diddley's a gunslinger 
hong kong, mississippi-Bo Diddley[SEP]I met a girl from Hong Kong I met a girl from Hong Kong She don't sound like what she said she's from She said she's from - Hong Kong You know that teacher, beware she's from She's from Hong Kong, Mississippi  That little girl, I figured Hong Kong be I mean maybe, Chinese beans She said I followed there, where she lived I saw her struggling, a-climbing stairs Where's she from, someone like one I know she's from Hong Kong, Mississippi  You all know me, Lord  She whispered in my sweet little ear She said Bo Diddley, um yeah I said Help me baby, baby where you from She said I'm from a place they call Hong Kong I said you don't sound like where you from I know you from Hong Kong, Mississippi  Mississippi, ooh Mississippi, ooh Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi, oh yeah  I saw you the other day in front of where you live I've seen you struggling in a cotton field Picking brand new Chinese beans You started waving, waving at me Tell me baby, tell me where you from I know you from Hong Kong, Mississippi 
say man, back again-Bo Diddley[SEP]-Well, well, here he goes again at the same old place -How y'all doing out there? -Ed, my man -Uh oh, here come trouble that same old cat again -What's happening, Theo? -Why? -You been in jail lately? -Now how come I had to be in jail? -Well it's just good to see you back on the scene again, he-he-he-he -Yeah, I been away  -Hey, look here -What's that? -If you keep messin' with my old lady you goin' back -Say, man -Yeah -Speakin' about your old lady, I seen that new girl you got -Yeah, she's nice -Yeah, she's got everything a man would want -Yeah -Moustache, pelvis, everything -Oh, what's that  -Hey, look here -What's that? -I was out with your girl -Is that right -Yeah, man that chick was so skinny she had to tie some knots in her legs to make some knees, he-he-he-he -Oh, that wasn't a-my girlfriend -Then who was it then -That was your wife -Ah eh uh  -You trying to call my old lady old 'n' ugly on the sly? -No, I wouldn't call her ugly -The word ain't in the dictionary to call her -'Dem there's fightin' words? -Yeah -Yeah -That's alright with me -You meet me after dark tomorrow night in the alley -I'll be there -You're gonna be there by yourself? -That's right I'll be there all by myself -I know it, 'cause I ain't comin', he-he-he  -Say, man -Yeah? -That other night that suit you got on now -Yeah, you liked it? -Yeah, it's sharp like a seemo suit there -Yeah, what kinda suit is that? -See more holes than you see suit, he-he-he-he  -Say, you know what, man? -What's that? -I can do what you doin' -Then how come you ain't doin' it then? -I got you doin' it, he-he-he-he  -Somebody's gotta do something up here -You ain't doin' nothin' -I already told you, you can't do what you see me do -What you doin' tryin' to be, he-he-he-he  -You look like an accident goin' to hell, man -That's alright -At least I'm not looking... 
the great grandfather-Bo Diddley[SEP]The great grand-pappy when the land was young Barred his do' wit' a wagon tongue Ooh, ho, ho, ho, ho  When the times got tough and redskins smart Said his prayers with his shotgun cocked Oh, oh, oh, whoa, ooh, ooh, ooh, oh, whoa, oh  The great grand-pappy was a busy man Cooked his grub in a fryin' pan Picked his teeth with a huntin' knife He wore the same suit all-a his life Oh, oh, ooh, oh, ooh, ooh, ooh, a, ay, oh  Twenty-one children, came to be blessed The old man's house in the wilderness Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, a, whoa, oh Doubt his story if you can  The great grand-pappy was a busy man Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Oh, hoo ah, hoo, ow Whoa, ooh, a, ooh 
i just want to make love to you(from "super blues" album)-Bo Diddley[SEP]I don't want you to be no slave I don't want you to work all day I don't want you to be true I just want to make love to you  I don't want you to wash my clothes I don't want you to keep my home I don't want your money too I just want to make love to you  Well, I can see by the way that you switch and walk And I can tell by the way that you baby talk And I know by the way that you treat your man I wanna love you baby, it's a cryin' shame  I don't want you to bake my bread I don't want you to make my bed I don't want you 'cause I'm sad and blue I just want to make love to you 
before you accuse me-Bo Diddley[SEP]Before you accuse me, take a look at yourself Before you accuse me, take a look at yourself You say I've been buyin' another woman clothes But you've been talkin' to someone else  I called your mama, 'bout three or four nights ago I called your mama, 'bout three or four nights ago Your mama said, "Son, don't call my daughter no more"  Before you accuse me, take a look at yourself Before you accuse me, take a look at yourself You say I've been buyin' another woman clothes But you've been takin' money from someone else  Come on back home, baby; try my love one more time Come on back home, baby; try my love one more time You've been gone away so long, I'm just about to lose my mind 
crackin' up-Bo Diddley[SEP]You're always hollerin' bout where I've been You're always screamin' 'bout the money I spend What's wrong with you, oh yeah You're crackin' up  I caught you, woman, a long time ago Keep your hand out of my pocket keep your foot out my door That wrong with you, oh yeah You're crackin' up  I used to do your cookin', your laundry too Now what more for a woman could a man like me do I feel, oh yeah You're bugging me  Crackin' up 
come on baby-Bo Diddley[SEP]Love you, baby Love you, baby You know I do I really do Oh yes, I do You know I do  Come on, baby Come on, baby Come on Come on Come on Come on  A-runnin' to me, baby A-runnin' to me, baby Come on, baby Come on, baby Come on, baby  I love you, honey I love you, honey Yeah yes, I do You know I do I really do Yes, I do 
do what i say(1988 bonus track)-Bo Diddley[SEP]You can't change me, baby Try to copy my ways I'm tired of you trying to do what I do You better do what I say  I went out last night And I'm going back out again If you tip out that door You better beat me in  I get up in the morning Go out and do my work You look at me like I'm going crazy But I ain't nobody's jerk  I'm going out tonight As soon as I get off And if you ain't home when I get there I'm going to show you who's boss  You better do what I say 
run diddley daddy-Bo Diddley[SEP]I was down in the jungle picking wild beans Something jumped up that I never before seen I picked up my bag and I tried to make a getaway Chances did I heard somebody say  Run run run, Diddley Daddy Run run run, ahoo Run run run, Diddley Daddy Run run run  I was running so fast that I didn't even leave a track Whatever it is caught me snatched the shirt offa my back Running through the jungle was such a breeze Till I shook all the leaves off the bamboo trees  Run run run, Diddley Daddy Run run run, yahoo Run run run, Diddley Daddy Run run run  Run run run, Diddley Daddy Run run run, ahoo Run run run, Diddley Daddy Run run run  I was running through the jungle with a terrible breeze I tripped over a stump and I hurt my knees When the people in the village they saw me running They didn't know what was going on, they thought things were awfully funny  But I said Run run run, Diddley Daddy Run run run, ahoo Run run run, Diddley Daddy Run run run  I was running so fast that I didn't even say goodbye Sprouted wings on my feet and I began to fly Flew so far away from that land Found myself straddled on a United airplane  Run run run, Diddley Daddy Run run run, ahoo Run run run, Diddley Daddy Run run run 
diddy wah diddy-Bo Diddley[SEP](Diddy Wah) (A-diddy Wah)  (Diddy Wah) I gotta gal down in Diddy Wah Diddy (Diddy Wah) Ain't no town an' it ain't no city (Diddy Wah) She loves her man, just is a pity Crazy 'bout my gal in Diddy Wah Diddy  (Diddy Wah) This little girl is sweet as she could be (Diddy Wah) I know she's in love with me (Diddy Wah) A lovely face, she's so pretty (Diddy Wah) But she's still way down in Diddy Wah Diddy  (Diddy Wah, Diddy Wah, Diddy) (Diddy Wah, Diddy Wah, Diddy) (Diddy Wah, Diddy Wah, Diddy) Ain't no town, an' it ain't no city But oh, how they love in Diddy Wah Diddy  (Diddy Wah) (Diddy Wah) (Diddy Wah)  (Diddy Wah) She kissed me all the time (Diddy Wah) She gonna turn me outta my mind (Diddy Wah) Anything, she says she's ready (Diddy Wah) Run right back to Diddy Wah Diddy (Diddy Wah) (Diddy Wah) (Diddy Wah) (Diddy Wah)  Ain't no town, ain't no city Lord, how they love in Diddy Wah Diddy  (Diddy Wah) (Diddy Wah)  Diddy Wah 
back home-Bo Diddley[SEP]You gonna be sorry that you left me alone (You're going to be sorry) Packed your bags and now you gone (You're going to be sorry) Tried everything to get along with you (You're going to be sorry) I tried every little thing I knew how to do (You're going to be sorry) You don't love me, don't love me no more Was that the reason why you wanna go back home? Go back home  Told you baby that I will roam (You're going to be sorry) But all you could say was you want to go home (You're going to be sorry) You know, baby, that I love you so (You're going to be sorry) Ain't no way that I can let you go (You're going to be sorry) You don't love me, that I know A-that's the reason why you wanna go back home Yeah Go back home  Took you downtown just the other day (You're going to be sorry) People begin to crowd around and say (You're going to be sorry) You don't love me, love me no more (You're going to be sorry) That the reason why you wanna go (You're going to be sorry) You don't love me, love me no more But that's the reason why you wanna go back home Back home 
pretty thing-Bo Diddley[SEP]You pretty thing Let me buy you a wedding ring Let me hear the choir sing Oh, you pretty thing  You pretty thing Let me walk you down the aisle Darling, it's where our love is found Oh, you pretty thing  Let me kiss you gentle Squeeze and hold you tight Let me give all my love The rest of my life  You pretty thing Let me hold you by my side And become my blushing bride You pretty thing Pretty thing Let me dedicate my life You will always be my wife Oh, you pretty thing 
hush your mouth-Bo Diddley[SEP]Oh (hush your mouth!) Oh (hush your mouth!)  Hey little baby, don't you cry Mama gonna drop around Hey little baby, don't say a word Mama gonna whoop you 'bout somethin' you heard  Oh (hush your mouth!) Oh (hush your mouth!)  Mama gonna buy you a diamond ring If that diamond ring's brass Mama gonna buy a lookin' glass If that lookin' glass is broke Mama gonna buy a horse and coach If that horse and coach turn over Mama gonna buy you a dog named Rover  Oh (hush your mouth!) Oh (hush your mouth!) Oh (hush your mouth!) Oh (Hush your mouth!)  A coonskin alligator hide Make into shoes baby, jus' like mine Don't be scared to put 'em on your feet Scared 'bout me, jus' can't be beat  Hush your mouth Hush your mouth 
hello, dolly!-Louis Armstrong[SEP]Hello Dolly,......well, hello, Dolly It's so nice to have you back where you belong You're lookin' swell, Dolly.......I can tell, Dolly You're still glowin'...you're still crowin'...you're still goin' strong I feel that room swayin'......while the band's playin' One of your old favourite songs from way back when So..... take her wrap, fellas.......find her an empty lap, fellas Dolly'll never go away again  Hello Dolly,.....well, hello, Dolly It's so nice to have you back where you belong You're lookin' swell, Dolly.....I can tell, Dolly You're still glowin'...you're still crowin'...you're still goin' strong I feel the room swayin'...while that ole band keeps on playin' One of your old favourite songs from way back when So...golly, gee, fellas....find her an empty knee, fellas Dolly'll never go away....I said she'll never go away Dolly'll never go away again 
save the best for last-Vanessa Williams[SEP]Sometimes the snow comes down in June Sometimes the sun goes round the moon I see the passion in your eyes Sometimes it's all a big surprise  'Cause there was a time when all I did was wish You'd tell me this was love It's not the way I hoped or how I planned But somehow it's enough  And now we're standing face-to-face Isn't this world a crazy place? Just when I thought our chance had passed You go and save the best for last  All of the nights you came to me When some silly girl had set you free You wondered how you'd make it through I wondered what was wrong with you  'Cause how could you give your love to someone else And share your dreams with me Sometimes the very thing you're looking for Is the one thing you can't see  But now we're standing face-to-face Isn't this world a crazy place? Just when I thought our chance had passed You go and save the best for last  la da da  da - da da.-  Sometimes the very thing you're looking for Is the one thing you can't see  Sometimes the snow comes down in June Sometimes the sun goes round the moon Just when I thought our chance had passed You go and save the best for last  You went and saved the best for last Yeah... 
kiss from a rose-Seal[SEP]There used to be a graying tower alone on the sea. You became the light on the dark side of me. Love remained a drug that's the high and not the pill.  But did you know, That when it snows, My eyes become large And the light that you shine can be seen.  Baby, I compare you to a kiss from a rose on the gray. Ooh, the more I get of you, the stranger it feels, yeah. And now that your rose is in bloom. A light hits the gloom On the gray.  There is so much a man can tell you, so much he can say. You remain my power, my pleasure, my pain, baby. To me you're like a growing addiction that I can't deny. Won't you tell me is that healthy, baby?  But did you know, That when it snows, My eyes become large And the light that you shine can be seen.  Baby, I compare you to a kiss from a rose on the gray. Ooh, the more I get of you, the stranger it feels, yeah. Now that your rose is in bloom. A light hits the gloom On the gray.  I've been kissed by a rose on the gray, I've been kissed by a rose on the gray, I've been kissed by a rose on the gray. If I should fall along the way. I've been kissed by a rose on the gray.  There is so much a man can tell you, so much he can say. You remain my power, my pleasure, my pain. To me you're like a growing addiction that I can't deny, yeah. Won't you tell me is that healthy, baby.  But did you know, That when it snows, My eyes become large And the light that you shine can be seen.  Baby, I compare you to a kiss from a rose on the gray. Ooh, the more I get of you, the stranger it feels, yeah. Now that your rose is in bloom, A light hits the gloom On the gray.  Yes, I compare you to a kiss from a rose on the gray. Ooh, the more I get of you, the stranger it feels, yeah. And now that your rose is in bloom A light hits the gloom On the gray  Now that your rose is in bloom, A light hits the gloom On the gray. 
lean on me-Bill Withers[SEP]Sometimes in our lives We all have pain, we all have sorrow. But if we are wise, We know that there's always tomorrow.  Lean on me when you're not strong And I'll be your friend, I'll help you carry on For it won't be long 'Til I'm gonna need somebody to lean on.  Please swallow your pride If I have things you need to borrow For no one can fill those of your needs That you won't let show.  You just call on me, brother, when you need a hand We all need somebody to lean on. I just might have a problem that you'll understand, We all need somebody to lean on.  Lean on me when you're not strong And I'll be your friend I'll help you carry on For it won't be long 'Til I'm gonna need somebody to lean on  You just call on me, brother, when you need a hand We all need somebody to lean on. I just might have a problem that you'll understand, We all need somebody to lean on.  If there is a load You have to bear That you can't carry I'm right up the road I'll share your load If you just call me.  Call me if you need a friend Call me, call me, uh-huh Call me when you need a friend Call me if you ever need a friend Call me, call me Call me, call me Call me, call me Call me, call me Call me if you need a friend Call me, call me Call me, call me Call me, call me Call me, call me Call me 
war-Edwin Starr[SEP]War, huh, yeah What is it good for? Absolutely nothing, uh-huh, uh-huh  War, huh, yeah What is it good for? Absolutely nothing, say it again, y'all  War, huh, good god What is it good for? Absolutely nothing, listen to me  Oh war, I despise 'Cause it means destruction of innocent lives War means tears to thousands of mothers' eyes When their sons go off to fight and lose their lives  I said, war, huh, good god, y'all What is it good for? Absolutely nothing, say it again  War, huh, whoa-oh-whoa-oh, Lord What is it good for? Absolutely nothing, listen to me  War, it ain't nothing but a heartbreak War, friend only to the undertaker  Oh, war, is an enemy to all mankind The thought of war blows my mind War has caused unrest within the younger generation Induction then destruction, who wants to die?  Oh, war, huh, good god, y'all What is it good for? Absolutely nothing, say it, say it, say it  War, huh, uh-huh, yeah, uh What is it good for? Absolutely nothing, listen to me  War, it ain't nothing but a heartbreaker War, it got one friend, that's the undertaker  Oh, war has shattered many a young man's dreams Made him disabled, bitter and mean Life is much too short and precious to spend fighting wars these days War can't give life, it can only take it away  Oh, war, huh, good god, y'all What is it good for? Absolutely nothing, say it again  War, huh, whoa-oh-whoa-oh, Lord What is it good for? Absolutely nothing, listen to me  War, it ain't nothing but a heartbreaker War, friend only to the undertaker  Peace, love and understanding, tell me Is there no place for them today? They say we must fight to keep our freedom But lord knows there's got to be a better way  Oh, war, huh, good god, y'all What is it good for? You tell me, (nothing) say it, say it, say it, say it  War, huh, good god, yeah, huh What is it good for? Stand up and shout it (nothing) 
ebony and ivory-Paul McCartney[SEP]Ebony and Ivory live together in perfect harmony Side by side on my piano keyboard, oh Lord, why don't we?  We all know that people are the same wherever you go There is good and bad in everyone We learn to live, we learn to give Each other what we need to survive together alive  Ebony and Ivory live together in perfect harmony Side by side on my piano keyboard, oh Lord, why don't we?  Ebony, Ivory living in perfect harmony Ebony, Ivory, Ooh  We all know that people are the same wherever you go There is good and bad in everyone We learn to live, when we learn to give Each other what we need to survive together alive  Ebony and Ivory live together in perfect harmony Side by side on my piano keyboard, oh Lord, why don't we?  Side by side on my piano keyboard Oh Lord, why don't we?  Ebony, Ivory living in perfect harmony [Repeat and fade...] 
say say say-Paul McCartney[SEP]Say, say, say what you want But don't play games with my affection Take, take, take what you need But don't leave me with no direction  All alone, I sit home by the phone Waiting for you, baby Through the years How can you stand to hear My pleading for you dear? You know I'm crying ooh ooh ooh ooh  Go, go, go where you want But don't leave me here forever You, you, you stay away So long girl, I see you never  What can I do Girl to get through to you? Cause I love you, baby Standing here, baptisted in all my tears Baby through the years You know I'm crying ooh ooh ooh ooh  You never ever worry And you never shed a tear You saying that my love ain't real Just look at my face These tears ain't drying  You, you, you can never say That I'm not the one who really loves you I pray, pray, pray every day That you'll see things, girl like I do  What can I do girl, to get through to you? Cause I love you baby Standing here baptised in all my tears Baby through the years You know I'm crying, ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh 
coming up-Paul McCartney[SEP]You Want A Love To Last Forever One That Will Never Fade Away I Want To Help You With Your Problem Stick Around, I Say  Coming Up, Coming Up, Yeah Coming Up Like A Flower Coming Up, I Say  You Want A Friend You- Can Rely On One Who Will Never Fade Away And If You're Searching For An Answer Stick Around. I Say  It's Coming Up, It's Coming Up It's Coming Up Like A Flower It's Coming Up. Yeah  You Want Some Peace And Understanding So Everybody Can Be Free I Know That We Can Get Together We Can Make It, Stick With Me  It's Coming Up, It's Coming Up It's Coming Up Like A Flower It's Coming Up For You And Me  Coming Up, Coming Up It's Coming Up, It's Coming Up, I Say It's Coming Up Like A Flower It's Coming Up I Feel It In My Bones  You Want A Better Kind Of Future One That Everyone Can Share You're Not Alone, We All Could Use It Stick Around We're Nearly There  It's Coming Up, It's Coming Up Everywhere It's Coming Up Like A Flower It's Coming Up For All To Share It's Coming Up, Yeah It's Coming Up, Anyway It's Coming Up Like A Flower Coming Up 
one hell of a woman-Mac Davis[SEP]She's a woman She's a baby She's a witch She's a lady She's a free and gentle spirit She can be what she wants to be And if she wants to be with me tonight That's alright  She's one hell of a woman Young, strong and tame But soft when she loves me Like a gentle kitten in my hand She makes me feel Like a hell of a man  She's wild, warm and tender She'll resist then she'll surrender She's a free and gentle spirit She can be what she wants to be And if she wants to be with me tonight Well that's alright  She's one hell of a woman Young, strong and tame But soft when she loves me Like a gentle kitten in my hand She makes me feel Like a hell of a man  She's one hell of a woman Young, strong and tame But soft when she loves me Like a gentle kitten in my hand She makes me feel Like a hell of a man... 
baby, don't get hooked on me-Mac Davis[SEP]Girl you're gettin' that look in your eyes And it's startin' to worry me I ain't ready for no family ties Nobody's gonna hurry me  Just keep it friendly girl 'Cause I don't wanna leave Don't start clingin' to me girl 'Cause I can't breathe  Baby baby, don't get hooked on me Baby baby, don't get hooked on me 'Cause I'll just use you then I'll set you free Baby baby, don't get hooked on me  Girl, you're a hot-blooded woman, child And it's warm where you're touchin' me But I can tell by your tremblin' smile You're seein' way too much in me  Girl, don't let your life Get tangled up with mine 'Cause I'll just leave you I can't take no clingin' vine  Baby baby, don't get hooked on me Baby baby, don't get hooked on me 'Cause I'll just use you then I'll set you free Baby baby, don't get hooked on me  Baby baby, don't get hooked on me Baby baby, don't get hooked on me 'Cause I'll just use you then I'll set you free Baby baby, don't get hooked on me  Baby baby don't get hooked on me 
(your love has lifted me) higher and higher-Rita Coolidge[SEP]Your love is liftin' me higher Than I've ever been lifted before  Your love is liftin' me higher Than I've ever been lifted before So keep it up, quench my desire And I'll be at your side forevermore  Now once, I was downhearted Disappointment was my closest friend But you came, he soon departed And he never showed his face again  Oh I'm so glad I finally found you You're that one in a million man When you wrap your lovin' arms around me I can stand up and face the world again  Your love is liftin' me higher Than I've ever been lifted before So keep it up, quench my desire And I'll be at your side forevermore  Oh your love is liftin' me higher Than I've ever been lifted before So keep it up, quench my desire And I'll be at your side forevermore  Your love is liftin' me higher Than I've ever been lifted before So keep it up, quench my desire And I'll be at your side forevermore 
e.t.-Katy Perry[SEP]You're so hypnotizing Could you be the devil? Could you be an angel? Your touch magnetizing Feels like I am floating Leaves my body glowing  They say, be afraid You're not like the others Futuristic lover Different DNA They don't understand you  You're from a whole 'nother world A different dimension You open my eyes And I'm ready to go Lead me into the light  Kiss me, k-k-kiss me Infect me with your loving Fill me with your poison Take me, t-t-take me Wanna be your victim Ready for abduction  Boy, you're an alien Your touch so foreign It's supernatural Extraterrestrial  You're so supersonic Wanna feel your powers Stun me with your laser Your kiss is cosmic Every move is magic  You're from a whole 'nother world A different dimension You open my eyes And I'm ready to go Lead me into the light  Kiss me, k-k-kiss me Infect me with your loving Fill me with your poison Take me, t-t-take me Wanna be your victim Ready for abduction  Boy, you're an alien Your touch so foreign It's supernatural Extraterrestrial  This is transcendental On another level Boy, you're my lucky star  I wanna walk on your wave length And be there when you vibrate For you I'll risk it all All  Kiss me, k-k-kiss me Infect me with your loving Fill me with your poison Take me, t-t-take me Wanna be your victim Ready for abduction  Boy, you're an alien Your touch so foreign It's supernatural Extraterrestrial  Extraterrestrial Extraterrestrial  Boy, you're an alien Your touch so foreign It's supernatural Extraterrestrial 
dark horse-Katy Perry[SEP]Oh, no  [Juicy J:] Yeah Ya'll know what it is Katy Perry Juicy J, aha Let's rage  [Katy Perry:] I knew you were You were gonna come to me And here you are But you better choose carefully 'Cause I, I'm capable of anything Of anything and everything  Make me your Aphrodite Make me your one and only But don't make me your enemy, your enemy, your enemy  So you wanna play with magic Boy, you should know what you're falling for Baby do you dare to do this? Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse Are you ready for, ready for A perfect storm, perfect storm Cause once you're mine, once you're mine There is no going back  Mark my words This love will make you levitate Like a bird Like a bird without a cage But down to earth If you choose to walk away, don't walk away  It's in the palm of your hand now baby It's a yes or no, no maybe So just be sure before you give it all to me All to me, give it all to me  So you wanna play with magic Boy, you should know what you're falling for Baby do you dare to do this? Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse Are you ready for, ready for A perfect storm, perfect storm Cause once you're mine, once you're mine (love trippin') There's no going back  [Juicy J - Rap Verse:] Uh She's a beast I call her Karma (come back) She eats your heart out Like Jeffrey Dahmer (woo) Be careful Try not to lead her on Shorty's heart is on steroids Cause her love is so strong You may fall in love When you meet her If you get the chance you better keep her She's sweet as pie but if you break her heart She'll turn cold as a freezer That fairy tale ending with a knight in shining armor She can be my Sleeping Beauty I'm gon' put her in a coma Woo! Damn I think I love her Shorty so bad, I'm sprung and I don't care She ride me like a roller coaster Turned the bedroom into a fair (a fair!) Her love is like a drug I was tryna hit it and quit it But lil' mama so dope I messed around and got addicted  [Katy Perry:] So you wanna play with magic Boy, you should know what you're falling for (you should know) Baby do you dare to do this? Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse (like a dark horse) Are you ready for, ready for (ready for) A perfect storm, perfect storm (a perfect storm) Cause once you're mine, once you're mine (mine) There's no going back 
california gurls-Katy Perry[SEP][Snoop Dogg:] Greetings, loved ones Let's take a journey  [Katy:] I know a place Where the grass is really greener Warm, wet and wild There must be something in the water Sippin' gin and juice Laying underneath the palm trees (undone) The boys break their necks Tryna creep a little sneak peek (at us)  You could travel the world But nothing comes close To the golden coast Once you party with us You'll be falling in love  California girls We're unforgettable Daisy Dukes Bikinis on top Sun-kissed skin So hot We'll melt your popsicle  California girls We're undeniable Fine, fresh, fierce We got it on lock West Coast represent Now put your hands up  Sex on the beach We don't mind sand in our stilettos We freak in my Jeep Snoop Doggy Dogg on the stereo  You could travel the world But nothing comes close To the golden coast Once you party with us You'll be falling in love  California girls We're unforgettable Daisy Dukes Bikinis on top Sun-kissed skin so hot We'll melt your popsicle  California girls We're undeniable Fine, fresh, fierce We got it on lock West Coast represent (West Coast) Now put your hands up  [Snoop Dogg:] Toned, tan, fit and ready Turn it up 'cause it's gettin' heavy Wild Wild West Coast These are the girls I love the most I mean the ones I mean like she's the one Kiss her, touch her, squeeze her buns  The girl's a freak She drive a Jeep And live on the beach I'm okay I won't play I love the bait Just like I love LA Venice Beach and Palm Springs Summertime is everything  Homeboys Bangin' out All that ass hangin' out Bikinis, zucchinis Martinis, no weenies Just the King and the Queeny Katy, my lady (yeah) Lookie here, baby (uh huh) I'm all up on ya 'Cause you're representin' California (oh yeah)  [Katy:] California girls We're unforgettable Daisy Dukes Bikinis on top Sun-kissed skin so hot We'll melt your popsicle  California girls We're undeniable Fine, fresh, fierce We got it on lock West Coast represent (West Coast, West Coast) Now put your hands up  [Snoop Dogg:] (California, California girls) California girls, man (California, California girls) 
firework-Katy Perry[SEP]Do you ever feel like a plastic bag Drifting through the wind Wanting to start again? Do you ever feel, feel so paper-thin Like a house of cards, one blow from caving in?  Do you ever feel already buried deep Six feet under screams but no one seems to hear a thing Do you know that there's still a chance for you 'Cause there's a spark in you?  You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine Just own the night like the 4th of July  'Cause, baby, you're a firework Come on, show 'em what you're worth Make 'em go, "Ah, ah, ah" As you shoot across the sky  Baby, you're a firework Come on, let your colors burst Make 'em go, "Ah, ah, ah" You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe  You don't have to feel like a wasted space You're original, cannot be replaced If you only knew what the future holds After a hurricane comes a rainbow  Maybe a reason why all the doors are closed So you could open one that leads you to the perfect road Like a lightning bolt your heart will glow And when it's time you'll know  You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine Just own the night like the 4th of July  'Cause, baby, you're a firework Come on, show 'em what you're worth Make 'em go, "Ah, ah, ah" As you shoot across the sky  Baby, you're a firework Come on, let your colors burst Make 'em go, "Ah, ah, ah" You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe  Boom, boom, boom Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon It's always been inside of you, you, you And now it's time to let it through, -ough, -ough  'Cause, baby, you're a firework Come on, show 'em what you're worth Make 'em go, "Ah, ah, ah" As you shoot across the sky  Baby, you're a firework Come on, let your colors burst Make 'em go, "Ah, ah, ah" You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe  Boom, boom, boom Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon Boom, boom, boom Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon 
seasons in the sun-Terry Jacks[SEP]Goodbye to you my trusted friend We've known each other since we were nine or ten Together we've climbed hills and trees Learned of love and ABCs Skinned our hearts and skinned our knees  Goodbye my friend, it's hard to die When all the birds are singing in the sky Now that the spring is in the air Pretty girls are everywhere Think of me and I'll be there  We had joy, we had fun We had seasons in the sun But the hills that we climbed Were just seasons out of time  Goodbye papa, please pray for me I was the black sheep of the family You tried to teach me right from wrong Too much wine and too much song Wonder how I got along  Goodbye papa, it's hard to die When all the birds are singing in the sky Now that the spring is in the air Little children everywhere When you see them, I'll be there  We had joy, we had fun We had seasons in the sun But the wine and the song Like the seasons, have all gone  We had joy, we had fun We had seasons in the sun But the wine and the song Like the seasons, have all gone  Goodbye Michelle, my little one You gave me love and helped me find the sun And every time that I was down You would always come around And get my feet back on the ground  Goodbye Michelle, it's hard to die When all the birds are singing in the sky Now that the spring is in the air With the flowers everywhere I wish that we could both be there  We had joy, we had fun We had seasons in the sun But the stars we could reach Were just starfish on the beach  We had joy, we had fun We had seasons in the sun But the stars we could reach Were just starfish on the beach  We had joy, we had fun We had seasons in the sun But the wine and the song Like the seasons, have all gone  All our lives we had fun We had seasons in the sun But the hills that we climbed Were just seasons out of time  We had joy, we had fun We had seasons in the sun 
take me home, country roads-John Denver[SEP]Almost heaven, West Virginia, Blue Ridge Mountains, Shenandoah River Life is old there, older than the trees, younger than the mountains, blowing like a breeze  Country roads, take me home to the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mamma, take me home, country roads  All my memories gather round her, miner's lady, stranger to blue water Dark and dusty, painted on the sky, misty taste of moonshine, teardrop in my eye  Country roads, take me home to the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mamma, take me home, country roads  I hear her voice in the morning hour, she calls me, the radio reminds me of my home far away And driving down the road I get a feeling that I should have been home yesterday, yesterday  Country roads, take me home to the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mamma, take me home, country roads  Country roads, take me home to the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mamma, take me home, country roads  Take me home, down country roads Take me home, down country roads 
i will survive-Gloria Gaynor[SEP]At first I was afraid, I was petrified Kept thinking I could never live without you by my side But then I spent so many nights thinking how you did me wrong And I grew strong, and I learned how to get along  And so you're back from outer space I just walked in to find you here with that sad look upon your face I should have changed that stupid lock I should have made you leave your key If I'd have known for just one second you'd be back to bother me  Go on now, go. Walk out the door Just turn around now 'cause you're not welcome anymore Weren't you the one who tried to hurt me with goodbye? Did you think I'd crumble? Did you think I'd lay down and die?  Oh, no, not I I will survive Oh, as long as I know how to love I know I'll stay alive I've got all my life to live I've got all my love to give And I'll survive I will survive, hey, hey  It took all the strength I had not to fall apart Kept trying hard to mend the pieces of my broken heart And I spent, oh, so many nights just feeling sorry for myself I used to cry but now I hold my head up high  And you see me somebody new I'm not that chained-up little person still in love with you And so you felt like dropping in And just expect me to be free And now I'm saving all my loving for someone who's loving me  Go on now, go. Walk out the door Just turn around now 'cause you're not welcome anymore Weren't you the one who tried to break me with goodbye? Did you think I'd crumble? Did you think I'd lay down and die? Oh, no, not I I will survive Oh, as long as I know how to love I know I'll stay alive I've got all my life to live I've got all my love to give And I'll survive I will survive  Go on now, go. Walk out the door Just turn around now 'cause you're not welcome anymore Weren't you the one who tried to break me with goodbye? Did you think I'd crumble? Did you think I'd lay down and die? Oh, no, not I I will survive Oh, as long as I know how to love I know I'll stay alive I've got all my life to live I've got all my love to give And I'll survive I will survive I will survive 
build me up buttercup-Foundations[SEP]Why do you build me up (build me up) Buttercup, baby Just to let me down (let me down) and mess me around And then worst of all (worst of all) you never call, baby When you say you will (say you will) but I love you still I need you (I need you) more than anyone, darlin' You know that I have from the start So build me up (build me up) Buttercup, don't break my heart  "I'll be over at ten", you told me time and again But you're late, I wait around and then (bah-dah-dah) I went to the door, I can't take any more It's not you, you let me down again  (Hey, hey, hey!) Baby, baby, try to find (Hey, hey, hey!) A little time and I'll make you happy (Hey, hey, hey!) I'll be home I'll be beside the phone waiting for you Ooo-oo-ooo, ooo-oo-ooo  Why do you build me up (build me up) Buttercup, baby Just to let me down (let me down) and mess me around And then worst of all (worst of all) you never call, baby When you say you will (say you will) but I love you still I need you (I need you) more than anyone, darlin' You know that I have from the start So build me up (build me up) Buttercup, don't break my heart  To you I'm a toy, but I could be the boy you adore If you'd just let me know (bah-dah-dah) Although you're untrue, I'm attracted to you all the more Why do I need you so  (Hey, hey, hey!) Baby, baby, try to find (Hey, hey, hey!) A little time and I'll make you happy (Hey, hey, hey!) I'll be home I'll be beside the phone waiting for you Ooo-oo-ooo, ooo-oo-ooo  Why do you build me up (build me up) Buttercup, baby Just to let me down (let me down) and mess me around And then worst of all (worst of all) you never call, baby When you say you will (say you will) but I love you still I need you (I need you) more than anyone, darlin' You know that I have from the start So build me up (build me up) Buttercup, don't break my heart  I-I-I need you-oo-oo more than anyone, baby You know that I have from the start So build me up (build me up) Buttercup, don't break my heart 
every rose has its thorn-Poison[SEP]We both lie silently still in the dead of the night Although we both lie close together we feel miles apart inside Was it something I said or something I did? Did my words not come out right? Though I tried not to hurt you Though I tried But I guess that's why they say  [Chorus:] Every rose has its thorn Just like every night has its dawn Just like every cowboy sings his sad, sad song Every rose has its thorn  Yeah it does  I listen to our favorite song playing on the radio Hear the DJ say love's a game of easy come and easy go But I wonder does he know? Has he ever felt like this? And I know that you'd be here right now If I could have let you know somehow I guess  [Chorus]  Though it's been a while now I can still feel so much pain Like a knife that cuts you the wound heals But the scar, that scar remains  I know I could have saved a love that night if I'd known what to say Instead of makin' love we both made our separate ways And now I hear you found somebody new And that I never meant that much to you To hear that tears me up inside And to see you cuts me like a knife I guess  [Chorus] 
sugar, sugar-Archies[SEP]Sugar, ah honey honey You are my candy girl And you've got me wanting you Honey, ah sugar sugar You are my candy girl And you've got me wanting you  I just can't believe the loveliness of loving you (I just can't believe it's true) I just can't believe the one to love this feeling to (I just can't believe it's true)  Ah sugar, ah honey honey You are my candy girl And you've got me wanting you Ah honey, ah sugar sugar You are my candy girl And you've got me wanting you  When I kissed you, girl, I knew how sweet a kiss could be (I know how sweet a kiss can be) Like the summer sunshine pour your sweetness over me (Pour your sweetness over me)  Sugar, pour a little sugar on it honey Pour a little sugar on it baby I'm gonna make your life so sweet, yeah yeah yeah Pour a little sugar on it oh yeah Pour a little sugar on it honey Pour a little sugar on it baby I'm gonna make your life so sweet, yeah yeah yeah Pour a little sugar on it honey  Ah sugar, ah honey honey You are my candy girl And you've got me wanting you Oh honey, honey, sugar sugar... You are my candy girl... 
oh my heart-REM[SEP]The kids have a new take A new take on faith Pick up the pieces Get carried away I came home to city half erased I came home to face what we faced  This place needs me here to start This place is the beat of my heart  Oh my heart Oh my heart (oh my heart) Oh my heart Oh my heart (oh my heart)  Storm didn't kill me The government changed Hear the answer call Hear the song rearranged Hear the tress, the ghosts and the buildings sing With the wisdom to reconcile this thing  It's sweet and it's sad and it's true How it doesn't look bitter on you  Oh my heart Oh my heart (oh my heart) Oh my heart Oh my heart (oh my heart)  Mother and father I stand beside you The good of this world Might help see me through  This place needs me here to start This place is the beat of my heart  Oh my heart Oh my heart (oh my heart) Oh my heart Oh my heart (oh my heart) 
sweetness follows-REM[SEP]Readying to bury your father and your mother What did you think when you lost another? I used to wonder, why did you bother? Distanced from one, blind to the other  Listen here my sister and my brother What would you care if you lost the other? I always wonder, why did we bother? Distanced from one, blind to the other  Oh, but sweetness follows  It's these little things, they can pull you under Live your life filled with joy and wonder I always knew this altogether thunder Was lost in our little lives  Oh, but sweetness follows Oh, but sweetness follows  It's these little things, they can pull you under Live your life filled with joy and thunder Yeah, yeah we were altogether Lost in our little lives  Oh, but sweetness follows Oh, but sweetness follows 
radio free europe-REM[SEP]Decide yourself if radio's gonna stay Reason: it could polish up the gray Put that, put that, put that up your wall That this isn't Country at all  Radio station: decide yourself  Keep me out of Country and the word Wheel of fortune's leading us: absurd Push that, push that, push that to the floor That this isn't nothing at all  Straight off the boat, where to go  Calling out in transit Calling out in transit Radio Free Europe (radio)  Decide: defy the media too fast Instead of pushing palaces to fall Put that, put that, put that up your wall That this isn't fortunate at all  Radio station: decide yourself  We're calling out in transit Calling out in transit Radio Free Europe (radio)  Decide yourself: come in on a boat Media's too fast Keep me out of Country and the word Disappointment into us: absurd  Straight off the boat, where to go?  Calling out in transit Calling out in transit Radio Free Europe Radio Free Europe  Calling out in transit Calling out in transit Radio Free Europe Radio Free Europe 
falls to climb-REM[SEP]I'll take the position Assume the missionary part You work by committee, You had me pegged from the start. I'll be pounce pony, Phoney maroney, Pony before the cart. I'll be pounce pony. This ceremony Only fills my heart.  Who cast the final stone? Who threw the crushing blow? Someone has to take the fall Why not me?  A punch toy volunteer A weakling on its knee. Is all you want to hear And all you want to see. Romantically, you'd martyr me And miss this story's point It is my strength, my destiny This is the role that I have chosen.  Who cast the final stone? Who threw the crushing blow? Someone has to take the fall Why not me?  Gentlemen mark your opponents Fire into your own ranks. Pick the weakest as strategic Move. Square off. To Meet your enemy. For each and every gathering A scapegoat falls to climb. As I step forward, silently. Deliberately mine.  Who cast the final stone? Who threw the crushing blow? Someone has to take the fall Why not me? Why not me. Had consequence chose differently Had fate its ugly head My actions make me beautiful And dignify the flesh  Me. I am free. Free. 
moon river(vintage years reissue bonus track)-REM[SEP]Moon River, wider than a mile I'm crossing you in style some day You dream maker You heart-breaker Wherever you're going I'm going your way  Two drifters off to see the world There's such a lot of world to see We're after the same rainbow's end Waitin' round the bend My Huckleberry friend Moon River and me 
old man kensey-REM[SEP]Old man Kensey wants to be a sign painter First he's got to learn to read He's gonna be a clown on TV Flexes his elbow taut and free (That's my folly) I believe Drink up the lake, Kensey's awake (If that's my folly) that's my mistake  Old man Kensey wants to be a goalie First he's got to learn to count He's gonna be a clown on a circus mount Letters to be signed and dropped off (That's my folly) Kensey's going far John, Bill and Ed, stand on your head (If that's my folly) I'm ready to go  Old man Kensey wants to be a dog catcher First he's got to learn to stand He's gonna be a clown in a marching band Letters to be signed, ransom, greed (If that's my folly) I believe Drink up the lake, John, Bill and Ed (If that's my folly) that's my mistake  Kensey's awake, stand on your head (If that's my folly) I'm ready to go Drink up the lake, stand on your head (If that's my folly) I'm ready to go 
you're in the air-REM[SEP]You wanted a challenge that's calling you higher I landed on my feet by crawling I remember standing alone trying to forget you idling I hate to admit that that's my reference point But there it is you say you want me  I'm what you found, I'm upside down You're in the air, you're in the air and I am breathing  Brighten the stars The weather is lifting the heavens love a love like this It's pulling you higher twist it and turn this around It lights from within it dribbles your chin Now brings a smile, I'm lost again I'm lost again  I'm what you found, I'm upside down You're in the air, you're in the air and I am breathing you  I want the stars to know they've won if only to beguile The sky has opened up again in heavens reconciled I want you naked, I want you wild, I want the stars to know they win Give me that smile, just give it me, just turn it on, I'm lost again  I'm what you found, I'm upside down You're in the air I'm what you found, I'm upside down You're in the air I'm what you found, I'm upside down You're everywhere, you're in the air and I am breathing you 
toys in the attic-REM[SEP]Light voices scream nothing seems real's a dream Leaving the things that you learned behind Leaving the things that you love behind All of the things that you learned were real Nothing except for the years Voices scream, nothing seems real's a dream  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Toys Toys Toys  Light voices scream nothing seems real's a dream Leaving the things that you love behind Leaving the things that you learned behind All of the things that you learned were real Nothing except for the years Voices scream, nothing seems real's a dream  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Light 
toys in the attic(1993 i.r.s. vintage years reissue bonus track)-REM[SEP]Light voices scream nothing seems real's a dream Leaving the things that you learned behind Leaving the things that you love behind All of the things that you learned were real Nothing except for the years Voices scream, nothing seems real's a dream  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Toys Toys Toys  Light voices scream nothing seems real's a dream Leaving the things that you love behind Leaving the things that you learned behind All of the things that you learned were real Nothing except for the years Voices scream, nothing seems real's a dream  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Toys Toys Toys in the attic  Light 
there she goes again-REM[SEP]There she goes again She's out on the street again She's down on her knees my friend Won't have to ask her please again  Look a little closer there's no tears in her eyes You know she won't make it with just any guy What can you do See her walking down the street With all your friends she's gonna meet You'd better hit her 
nightswimming-REM[SEP]Nightswimming deserves a quiet night  The photograph on the dashboard taken years ago, turned around backwards so the windshield shows. Every street light reveals a picture in reverse Still it's so much clearer  I forgot my shirt at the water's edge The moon is low tonight  Nightswimming deserves a quiet night I'm not sure all these people understand It's not like years ago The fear of getting caught The recklessness in water They cannot see me naked These things they go away Replaced by every day  Nightswimming, remembering that night September's coming soon I'm pining for the moon And what if there were two Side by side in orbit around the fairest sun? The bright tide forever drawn Could not describe nightswimming  You, I thought I knew you You, I cannot judge You, I thought you knew me This one laughing quietly Underneath my breath Nightswimming  The photograph reflects Every street light a reminder Nightswimming Deserves a quiet night Deserves a quiet night 
9-9-REM[SEP](Steady repetition is a compulsion mutually reinforced. Now what does that mean? Is there a just contradiction? Nothing much. Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep. If I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord to hesitate.)  Got to punch, right on target Twisting tongue, got a stripe Down your back, all nine yards Down her back  Give me a couple, don't give me a couple of pointers Turn to lies and conversation fear  Got to punch, right on target Twisting tongue, got a stripe Down your back, all nine yards Down her back  Give me a couple, don't give me a couple of pointers Turn to lies and conversation What is in my mind, what is in my mind  (Steady repetition is a compulsion mutually reinforced. Now what does that mean? Is there a just contradiction? Nothing much. Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep. If I should die before I wake, oh, come on, hesitate, hesitate.)  Got to punch, right on target Twisting tongues, got a stripe Down your back, all nine yards Down her back  Give me a couple, don't give me a couple of pointers Turn to lies and conversation fear, conversation fear Conversation fear, conversation fear 
around the sun-REM[SEP]I want the sun to shine on me I want the truth to set me free I wish the followers would lead with a voice so strong it could knock me to my knees  Hold on world 'cause you don't know what's coming Hold on world 'cause I'm not jumping off Hold onto this boy a little longer Take another trip around the sun  If I jumped into the ocean to believe If I climbed a mountain would I have to reach? Do I even dare to speak?--to dream?--believe? Give me a voice so strong I can question what I have seen  Hold on world 'cause you don't know what's coming Hold on world 'cause I'm not jumping off Hold onto this boy a little longer Take another trip around the sun  Around the sun Around the sun Around the sun Let my dreams set me free. Believe. believe. Now now now now now now 
what's the frequency, kenneth?-REM[SEP]"What's the frequency, Kenneth?" is your Benzedrine, uh-huh I was brain-dead, locked out, numb, not up to speed I thought I'd pegged you an idiot's dream Tunnel vision from the outsider's screen I never understood the frequency, uh-huh You wore our expectations like an armored suit, uh-huh  I'd studied your cartoons, radio, music, TV, movies, magazines Richard said, "Withdrawal in disgust is not the same as apathy" A smile like the cartoon, tooth for a tooth You said that irony was the shackles of youth You wore a shirt of violent green, uh-huh I never understood the frequency, uh-huh  "What's the frequency, Kenneth?" is your Benzedrine, uh-huh Butterfly decal, rear-view mirror, dogging the scene You smile like the cartoon, tooth for a tooth You said that irony was the shackles of youth You wore a shirt of violent green, uh-huh I never understood the frequency, uh-huh  You wore our expectations like an armored suit, uh-huh I couldn't understand You said that irony was the shackles of youth, uh-huh I couldn't understand You wore a shirt of violent green, uh-huh I couldn't understand I never understood, don't fuck with me, uh-huh 
hollow man-REM[SEP]I've been lost inside my head, Echoes fall off me. I took the prize last night for complicatedness For saying things I didn't mean and don't believe.  Believe in me, believe in nothing Corner me and make me something I've become the hollow man, Have I become the hollow man I see?  Mmmmmm I see...This echoing.  You have placed your trust in me. I went upside-down. I emptied out the room in thirty seconds flat, I can't believe you held your ground.  Believe in me, believe in nothing Corner me and make me something I've become the hollow man, Have I become the hollow man I see?  I'm overwhelmed, I'm on repeat, I'm emptied out, I'm incomplete. You trusted me, I want to show you I don't want to be the hollow man.  Believe in me, believe in nothing Corner me and make me something I've become the hollow man, Have I become the hollow man I see? I see... 
burning down-REM[SEP]From the back of my neck, oh oh oh Wired a glass jaw, oh oh Plantation burning your boat is coming in Strum your jew's harp, you're reeking gin  Running water on a sinking boat Going under but they've got your goat  Burning down My hands are tied my feet are bound Burning down Can't you see that my hands are bound  Johnny Mike is reading in the yard His story's timely, oh oh oh What river is it anyway, radio Not in a boat, in your ear  Running water in a sinking boat Going under but they've got your goat  Burning down My hands are tied my feet are bound Burning down Can't you see that my hands are bound  You pick your island in the sun Take your island off he's got a gun  Burning down My hands are tied my feet are bound Burning down Can't you see that my hands are bound  He's cooking in the woods, a brush fire in your neck Feeling mighty mighty, oh oh oh You can pick your island in the sun Take your island off he's got a gun  Running water in a sinking boat Going under but they've got your goat  Burning down My hands are tied my feet are bound Burning down Can't you see that my hands are bound 
perfect circle-REM[SEP]Put your hair back, we get to leave Eleven gallows on your sleeve Shallow figure, winner's paid Eleven shadows way out of place  Standing too soon, shoulders high in the room Standing too soon, shoulders high in the room Standing too soon, shoulders high in the room  Pull your dress on and stay real close Who might leave you where I left off A perfect circle of acquaintances and friends Drink another, coin a phrase  Heaven assumed, shoulders high in the room Heaven assumed, shoulders high in the room Heaven assumed, shoulders high in the room  Try to win and suit your needs Speak out sometimes but try to win  Standing too soon, shoulders high in the room Standing too soon, shoulders high in the room Standing too soon, shoulders high in the room Standing too soon, shoulders high in the room Standing too soon, shoulders high in the room 
photograph-REM[SEP]I found this photograph Underneath broken picture glass Tender face of black and white Beautiful, a haunting sight Looked into an angel's smile Captivated all the while From her hair and clothes she wore I'd have placed her in between the wars Was she willing when she sat And posed a pretty photograph To save her flowering and fair For days to come For days to share  A big smile for the camera How did she know The moment could be lost forever Forever more  I found this photograph In stacks between the old joist walls In a place where time is lost Lost behind where all things fall Broken books and calendars Letters script in careful hand The music to a standard tune by Some forgotten big brass band From the thresh hold what's to see Of our brave new century Television's just a dream Of radio and silver screen  A big smile for the camera How did she know The moment could be lost forever Forever more  Was her childhood filled with rhyme Or stolen books of passion crimes? Was she innocent or blind To the cruelty of her time? Was she fearful in her day? Was she hopeful? Did she pray? Were there skeletons inside Family secrets sworn to hide? Did she feel the heat that stirs The fall from grace of wayward girls? Was she tempted to pretend In love and laughter until the end? 
the one i love-REM[SEP]This one goes out to the one I love This one goes out to the one I've left behind A simple prop to occupy my time This one goes out to the one I love  Fire Fire  This one goes out to the one I love This one goes out to the one I've left behind A simple prop to occupy my time This one goes out to the one I love  Fire (she's comin' down on her own, now) Fire (she's comin' down on her own, now)  This one goes out to the one I love This one goes out to the one I've left behind Another prop has occupied my time This one goes out to the one I love  Fire (she's comin' down on her own, now) Fire (she's comin' down on her own, now) Fire (she's comin' down on her own, now) Fire (she's comin' down on her own, now) 
try not to breathe-REM[SEP]I will try not to breathe. I can hold my head still with my hands at my knees. These eyes are the eyes of the old, shiver and fold. I will try not to breathe. This decision is mine. I have lived a full life And these are the eyes that I want you to remember. Oh.  I need something to fly over my grave again. I need something to breathe. I will try not to burden you. I can hold these inside. I will hold my breath Until all these shivers subside, Just look in my eyes.  I will try not to worry you. I have seen things that you will never see. Leave it to memory me. I shudder to breathe. I want you to remember. Oh. (you will never see) I need something to fly (something to fly) Over my grave again. (you will never see)  I need something to breathe. (something to breathe) Baby, don't shiver now. Why do you shiver now? (I will see things you will never see) I need something to fly (something to fly) Over my grave again. (I will see things you will never see) I need something to breathe. Oh. Oh. Oh.  I will try not to worry you. I have seen things that you will never see. Leave it to memory me. Don't dare me to breathe. I want you to remember. Oh. (you will never see) I need something to fly (something to fly) Over my grave again. (you will never see)  I need something to breathe. (something to breathe) Baby, don't shiver now. Why do you shiver now? (I will see things you will never see) I need something to breathe. (something to breathe - I have seen things you will never see) I want you to remember. 
i can't help myself (sugar pie honey bunch)-Four Tops[SEP]Ooh, sugar pie, honey bunch You know that I love you I can't help myself I love you and nobody else  In and out my life (In and out my life) You come and you go (You come and you go) Leaving just your picture behind (Ooh) And I've kissed it a thousand times (Ooh)  When you snap your finger or wink your eye I come a-running to you I'm tied to your apron strings And there's nothing that I can do, ooh  I can't help myself No, I can't help myself  'Cause sugar pie, honey bunch (Sugar pie, honey bunch) I'm weaker than a man should be I can't help myself I'm a fool in love, you see  Wanna tell you I don't love you Tell you that we're through and I try But every time I see your face (Can't help myself) I get all choked up inside  When I call your name Girl, it starts to flame (Burning in my heart, tearing it all apart) No matter how I try My love I cannot hide  'Cause sugar pie, honey bunch (Sugar pie, honey bunch) You know that I'm waiting for you (Waiting for you) I can't help myself I love you and nobody else, ooh  Sugar pie, honey bunch (Sugar pie, honey bunch) I'd do anything you ask me to (Ask me to) I can't help myself I want you and nobody else, ooh  Sugar pie, honey bunch (Sugar pie, honey bunch) You know that I love you (Love you) I can't help myself No, I can't help myself, ooh  Sugar pie, honey bunch (Sugar pie, honey bunch) You know that I love you 
reach out i'll be there-Four Tops[SEP]Now if you feel that you can't go on (can't go on) Because all of your hope is gone (all your hope is gone) And your life is filled with much confusion (much confusion) Until happiness is just an illusion (happiness is just an illusion) And your world around is crumbling down, darlin'  (Reach out) Come on girl reach on out for me (Reach out) Reach out for me Hah, I'll be there with a love that will shelter you I'll be there with a love that will see you through  When you feel lost and about to give up (to give up) 'Cause your best just ain't good enough (just ain't good enough) And your feel the world has grown cold (has grown cold) And your drifting out all on your own (drifting out on your own) And you need a hand to hold, darlin'  (Reach out) Come on girl, reach out for me (Reach out) Reach out for me Hah, I'll be there to love and comfort you And I'll be there to cherish and care for you  (I'll be there to always see you through) (I'll be there to love and comfort you)  I can tell the way you hang your head (hang your head) You're not in love now, now you're afraid (you're afraid) And through your tears you look around (look around) But there's no peace of mind to be found (no peace of mind to be found) I know what your thinking You're a loner, no love of your own, but darling  (Reach out) Come on girl reach out for me Reach out, just look over your shoulder I'll be there to give you all the love you need And I'll be there you can always depend on me I'll be there 
hard nose the highway-Van Morrison[SEP]Hey kids dig the first takes Ain't that some inspiration When sinatra sings against Nelson Riddle Strings Then takes a vacation  Seen some hard times Drawn some bad lines No time for shoeshines Hard Nose the Highway  I was tore down at the dead's place Shaved head at the organ But that wasn't half as bad as it was oh no Belfast and Boston  Put your money where your mouth is Then we can get something going In order to win you must be prepared to lose sometime And leave one or two cards showing 
tupelo honey-Van Morrison[SEP]You can take all the tea in China Put it in a big brown bag for me Sail right around the seven oceans Drop it straight into the deep blue sea She's as sweet as tupelo honey She's an angel of the first degree She's as sweet as tupelo honey Just like honey from the bee  You can't stop us on the road to freedom You can't keep us 'cause our eyes can see Men with insight, men in granite Knights in armor bent on chivalry She's as sweet as tupelo honey She's an angel of the first degree She's as sweet as tupelo honey Just like honey from the bee  You can't stop us on the road to freedom You can't stop us 'cause our eyes can see Men with insight, men in granite Knights in armor intent on chivalry She's as sweet as tupelo honey She's an angel of the first degree She's as sweet as tupelo honey Just like honey from the bee  You know she's alright You know she's alright with me She's alright, she's alright (she's an angel)  You can take all the tea in China Put it in a big brown bag for me Sail it right around the seven oceans Drop it smack dab in the middle of the deep blue sea Because she's as sweet as tupelo honey She's an angel of the first degree She's as sweet as tupelo honey Just like honey from the bee  She's as sweet as tupelo honey She's an angel of the first degree She's as sweet as tupelo honey Just like the honey, baby, from the bee She's my baby, you know she's alright..... 
the master's eyes-Van Morrison[SEP]How the light shone from the master How the light shone from the master How the light shone from the master's eyes  Or how the truth shone, from the master How the truth shone, from the master How the truth shone, from the master's eyes  Why didn't they leave us to wander through battered summers Why didn't they leave us to wander when there was no other  And my questions all were answered When the light shone from the master When the light shone, from the master's eyes  From the master's eyes. Oh how the light shone (etc.) 
a sense of wonder-Van Morrison[SEP]I walked in my greatcoat Down through the days of the leaves. No before after, yes after before We were shining our light into the days of blooming wonder In the eternal presence, in the presence of the flame.  Didn't I come to bring you a sense of wonder Didn't I come to lift your fiery vision bright Didn't I come to bring you a sense of wonder in the flame.  On and on and on and on we kept singing our song Over Newtonards and Comber, Gransha and the Ballystockart Road. With Boffyflow and Spike I said I could describe the leaves for Samuel and Felicity Rich, red browney, half burnt orange and green.  Didn't I come to bring you a sense of wonder Didn't I come to lift your fiery vision bright Didn't I come to bring you a sense of wonder in the flame.  It's easy to describe the leaves in the Autumn And it's oh so easy in the Spring But down through January and February it's a very different thing.  On and on and on, through the winter of our discontent. When the wind blows up the collar and the ears are frostbitten too I said I could describe the leaves for Samuel and what it means to you and me You may call my love Sophia, but I call my love Philosophy.  Didn't I come to bring you a sense of wonder Didn't I come to lift your fiery vision Didn't I come to bring you a sense of wonder in the flame.  Wee Alfie at the Castle Picture House on the Castlereagh Road.  Whistling on the corner next door where he kept Johnny Mack Brown's horse. O Solo Mio by McGimsey and the man who played the saw outside the city hall. Pastie suppers down at Davey's chipper Gravy rings, barmbracks Wagon wheels, snowballs. 
venice u.s.a.-Van Morrison[SEP]Found myself, found myself Oh, in a restaurant in Venice Found myself Oh, in a restaurant in Venice I was talkin' to my baby In a restaurant down in Venice When I found myself Down in Venice And I'm cryin' But my tears, but my tears Are filled with joy And I'm walkin' in Venice And I'm cryin'  [Chorus:] Dum derra dum dum diddy diddy dah dah Dum derra dum dum diddy diddy dah dah Dum derra dum dum diddy diddy dah dah Dum derra dum dum diddy diddy dah dah Dum derra dum dum diddy diddy dah dah Dum derra dum dum diddy diddy dah dah  As I'm leaving Venice, as I'm leaving Venice As I'm leaving Venice All the streets are wet with rain And in my memory, and in my memory And in my memory I remember it well  And I take a stroll Oh, see the ships come sailing in In the harbor in the harbor Down in Venice  And I'm cryin' But my tears, but my tears Are filled with joy And I'm walkin' in Venice And I'm cryin'  [Chorus]  Walkin' in Venice and I'm cryin' Oh, as I'm walkin' in Venice, walkin' in Venice And I'm cryin' Well, I'm walk, walk, walk, walk, walk, walk walk, walk Walkin' in Venice Yeah, yeah, yeah Well, I walk and I walk and I walk and I walk Well, I'm walkin' in Venice I walk and I walk and I walk And I feel you and I see you as I'm walkin' Down in Venice Now sing a song, goes like this:  [Chorus] 
rave on, john donne-Van Morrison[SEP]Rave on John Donne, rave on thy Holy fool Down through the weeks of ages In the moss borne dark dank pools  Rave on, down through the industrial revolution Empiricism, atomic and nuclear age Rave on down through time and space down through the corridors Rave on words on printed page  Rave on, you left us infinity And well pressed pages torn to fade Drive on with wild abandon Uptempo, frenzied heels  Rave on, Walt Whitman, nose down in wet grass Rave on fill the senses On nature's bright green shady path  Rave on Omar Khayyam, Rave on Kahlil Gibran Oh, what sweet wine we drinketh The celebration will be held We will partake the wine and break the Holy bread  Rave on let a man come out of Ireland Rave on on Mr. Yeats, Rave on down through the Holy Rosey Cross Rave on down through theosophy, and the Golden Dawn Rave on through the writing of "A Vision" Rave on, Rave on, Rave on, Rave on, Rave on, Rave on  Rave on John Donne, rave on thy Holy fool Down through the weeks of ages In the moss borne dark dank pools  Rave on, down though the industrial revolution Empiricism, atomic and nuclear age Rave on words on printed page 
wild honey-Van Morrison[SEP]Open your arms in the early mornin' When the light comes shinin' through Can't you hear my heart beat just for you? It's beating so wild, honey. And light comes shinin' Singin' my song And the band is playin' And the music is tried and true Can't you hear my heart beat just for you? It's beating so wild, honey. And light comes shinin' I'll be waiting for you I'll be waiting here for me Way up on the mountain Where the hillside rolls down to the sea Tell me what's real? What I feel inside Any time of day or night will do It's alright Can't you hear my heart beat just for you? It's beating so wild, honey. And your light comes shining through. Tell me what's real What I feel inside Any time of day or night will do It's alright. Can't you hear my heart beat just for you? It's beating so wild, honey. And the light comes shining through And the light comes shining through . . . It's beating so wild . . . And the light comes shining through And the light comes shining through. 
and the healing has begun-Van Morrison[SEP]And we'll walk down the avenue again And we'll sing all the songs from way back when And we'll walk down the avenue again and the healing has begun  And we'll walk down the avenue in style And we'll walk down the avenue and we'll smile And we'll say baby ain't it all worthwhile when the healing has begun  I want you to put on your pretty summer dress You can wear your Easter bonnet and all the rest And I wanna make love to you yes, yes, yes when the healing has begun  When you hear the music ringin' in your soul And you feel it in your heart and it grows and grows And it comes from the backstreet rock & roll and the healing has begun I want you to put on your pretty summer dress You can wear your Easter bonnet and all the rest And I wanna make love to you yes, yes, yes and the healing has begun  We're gonna make music underneath the stars We're gonna play to the violin and the two guitars We're gonna sit there and play for hours and hours when the healing has begun  [Spoken:] Wait a minute, listen, listen, I didn't know you stayed up so late. I just got home from a gig and I saw you standing on the street. Just let me move on up to this window-sill a lot yeah, I got some sherry. You want a drop of port. Let's move behind this door here. Let's move on up behind this letter-box behind this door. Let's go in your front room, let's play this Muddy Waters record you got there, if you just open up a little bit and let me ease on in this backstreet jellyroll....  We're gonna stay out all night long And then we're gonna go out and roam across the field Baby you know how I feel when the healing has begun  When the healing, when the healing We're gonna stay out all night long We're gonna dance to the rock & roll When the healing when the healing has begun Baby just let me ease on a little bit, dig this backstreet jellyroll 
he ain't give you none-Van Morrison[SEP]Little girl, little girl, Lord, you know it's true Little girl, little girl, Lord, you know it's true, now I don't wanna stop, rockin' and rollin' with you  Are you gonna, let me stand a-lone, now? Are you gonna, let me stand a-lone, now? Caught you this mornin' Before your daddy came home  An I done more for you Than your daddy has ever done I done more for you Than your daddy has ever done Give ya my jelly roll And he ain't give ya none  Let's go, Eric  [instrumental and guitar solo]  Don't you ever go down Down on Curzon Street, it's bad Don't you ever go down Down on Curzon Street That's where old John Flogs his daily meat  Maybe sometime he say leave-a Little boy, an li'l girl behind I got messed up 'round somewhere Called Notting Hill Gate  I lived up there for a while But I moved out And when I moved out I was in such a state Ain't never goin' back there  But I'm, I'm sure I've done more for you Than your daddy has ever done, baby Made you learn you syllables  Done more for you Than your daddy has ever done, oh Lord, ha-ha Give ya my jellyroll He ain't give ya none Stay on the move  In the back street In the back street I give you my jellyroll Oh, I give it to ya, ha-ha  Ya 'member when we were down in the, the alley And I said, 'The lights are out, baby this is it, ya know'? Ha-ha-ha Alright, we got a good thing goin'  You can leave now If ya don't like what's happenin' You know like we got, ha A few things goin', you know, ha-ha Ah-ha, it's a drag, ha-ha Ah-huh, that's what you call it  [Fades] It's the name of the game. 
sweet jannie-Van Morrison[SEP]Oh sweet Jannie Yeah, won't you come out tonight? Oh sweet Jannie Girl, won't you come out tonight? I wanna take you walkin' Way out in the clear moonlight  Oh baby, baby Come on take me by my hand Oh baby Come on take me by my hand I don't wanna stop walkin' 'Til we get up to the preacher man, hey  I've been in love with you, baby Ever since you were back in Sunday school I've been in love with you, baby Ever since you was back in Sunday school And I knew right there and then I just wanna to be your fool  Oh sweet Jannie Baby, won't you come out tonight? alright I said, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby Come out tonight I wanna take you walkin' Way out on a clear moonlight  One more time  Hey-hey-yeah, baby, baby Baby, baby, alright  Baby, baby Baby, come on out tonight  Yeah, we're gonna keep on Walkin' way up in a clear moonlight  Oh baby, baby Come on shuffle out tonight  Oh-oh, baby, baby, baby, baby Come on shuffle out tonight  Gonna keep on shufflin' Make ev'rything alright. 
gypsy queen-Van Morrison[SEP]Dance on Gypsy Queen If it's all night, it's alright Rave on Let your love come tumblin' down If you let your love come tumblin' down It's alright  Dance on (you know it's alright) Gypsy Queen Dance on (you know it's alright) Gypsy Queen  Rave on Right beneath the silver moon Don't stop your carburetor Let your car run And if it starts to rain Keep on dancin' in the rain And if it's all night, it's alright  Dance on (you know it's alright) Gypsy Queen Dance on (you know it's alright) Gypsy Queen  Ooo-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la Dance, dance, dance the night away Ooo-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la Come on, come on, come on Let me hear you say  You're gonna dance on Gypsy Queen Stars shine down on you Yeah, ev'rything alright Ooo-wee I wanna throw my arms around you I'm so glad I've found you Gypsy Queen  Dance on (you know it's alright) Gypsy Queen Dance on (you know it's alright) Gypsy Queen  Ev'rything (dance on) is (You know it's alright) Ev'rything is (alright)  (Dance on) ev'rything is alright (You know it's alright)  [Fades] Keep on dancin' (Dance on) all night (You know it's alright) all night. 
daring night-Van Morrison[SEP]In the daring night when all the Stars are shining bright Squeeze me don't leave me In the daring night Galactic swirl in the firmament tonight Oh with the Lord of the Dance With the Lord of the Dance In the daring night  I see Orion and The Hunters Standing by the light of the moon In the daring night In the daring night And the heart and the soul As we look up in awe and wonder at the heavens Oh and we go with the Lord of the Dance With the Lord of the Dance, the Lord of the Dance In the daring night  In the daring night when all the stars are Shining bright Oh baby squeeze me don't leave me in the daring night In the firmament we move, we move and we live And we have our being Squeeze me don't leave, leave me in the daring night  In the firmament we move and galactic swirl And we live and we breathe and have our being Baby in the daring light Darling squeeze me squeeze me Don't ever leave me in the daring night When all the stars are shining bright And don't let go, and don't let go Don't let go don't let go in the daring night And we move and we move, and we move and we move Baby don't let go in the daring night  In the daring night when all the stars are Shining bright Baby squeeze me don't leave me in the daring night Capture it all oh with the Lord of the Dance Oh with the Lord of the Dance in the daring night With the Lord of the Dance in the daring night With the lord of the dance and the great Goddess Of the eternal wisdom Standing by the light of the moon in the daring night  And the bodies move and we sweat And have our being Don't leave me in the daring night In the daring night when all the stars are Shining bright Squeeze me don't leave me Baby in the daring night Squeeze me don't leave me etc. 
you know what they're writing about-Van Morrison[SEP]You know what they're writing about Baby you know what they're writing about It's a thing called love down through the ages Makes you wanna cry sometimes Makes you feel like you wanna lay down and die sometimes Makes you high sometimes But when you really get in it lifts you right up  Ain't it a wonderful game Ain't it a marvellous game And when there's no more words to say about love I go  Meet me down, meet me down, Meet me down by the river Meet me down by the water Meet me down by the water Meet me down by the pylons Meet me down by the pylons Meet me down by the pylons Meet me down by the pylons  Meet me, meet me, I want you to meet me - are you there And know, know, know, know I want you to meet me - are you there I want you to meet me - are you there And know, know, know, know, know I want you to meet me 
lifetimes-Van Morrison[SEP]You sit in silence And the river answers And I have loved you many, many years I saw you standing by the wonderous river And I have come today To calm your fears  Those lifetimes So many lifetimes With you  The boatman singin' far across the water What is this feelin' in my heart and soul The nighttime angel spreads her wings around me And I feel the sadness And the river flows  Those lifetimes So many lifetimes With you  Listen to the music inside That is all that you have to do Listen to the music inside Can't you hear what it says to you  And I shall get to know you In these lifetimes In awe and wonder On down through the years The nighttime angel spreads her wings around me I feel the silence And my doubts are cleared  Those lifetimes So many lifetimes With you  Listen to the music inside That is all that you have to do Listen to the music inside Can't you hear what it says to you  Listen to the music inside That is all that you have to do Listen to the music inside Can't you hear what it says to you 
blue money-Van Morrison[SEP]Photographer smile Take a break for a while Take a rest, do your very best Take five, honey Five, honey  Search in your bag Light up a fag Think it's a drag, but you're so glad To be alive, honey Alive, honey  Say, when this is all over You'll be in clover We'll go out and spend All a your (blue money) Blue money (blue money)  Do-do-you-do, n'-do-do-you-do n' do-do-do-you do, n' do-do-do-you-do n' do-do  Alright, (do-do) do-it  Do-do-you-do, n'-do-do-you-do n' do-do-do-you do, n' do-do-do-you-do n' do-do, do-do  [short instrumental & sax solo]  alright  (do-do, do-do)  Well the cameraman smiles Take a break for a while Do your best, your very best Take five, honey Take five  Well, you search in your bag Light up a fag Think it's a drag, but you're so glad To be alive, honey Alive, honey  Say, when this is all over You'll be in clover We'll go out and spend All a your (blue money) Blue money (blue money)  Alright  Do-do-you-do, n'-do-do-you-do n' do-do-do-you do, n' do-do-do-you-do 'n-do-do  Alright (do-do)  Do-do-you-do, n'-do-do-you-do n' do-do-do-you-do, n' do-do-do-you-do n' do-do (do-do)  Alright (do-do)  Get it!  [Instrumental & sax solo]  One more time  Do-do-you-do, n'-do-do-you-do n' do-do-do-you do, n' do-do-do-you-do 'n-do-do (do-do)  Hey! (do-do)  Do-do-you-do, n'-do-do-you-do n' do-do-do-you-do, n' do-do-do-you-do 'n-do-do  Alright, do-do  Say, when this is all over We'll be in clover We'll go out and spend all your  (Breau money) breau money  Blue money (blue money)  Ooh Juice money, loose money  Juice money, loose money, honey  (do-do-do, do-do-do-do) What kind a money, honey?  (do-do-do, do-do-do-do) Juice money, loose money  (do-do-do, do-do-do-do) Blue money  (do-do-do, do-do-do-do) Juice money  (do-do-do, do-do-do-do) Loose money  Blue money  Hey! alright  [Fades] Juice money  Ow!  Long as you wanna be. 
streets of arklow-Van Morrison[SEP]And as we walked Through the streets of Arklow Oh the color Of the day wore on And our heads Were filled with poetry And the morning A-comin' on to dawn  And as we walked Through the streets of Arklow And gay perfusion In god's green land And the gypsy's rode With their hearts on fire They say "We love to wander," "Lord we love," "Lord we love to roam..."  And as we walked Through the streets of Arklow In a drenching beauty Rolling back 'til the day And I saw your eyes They was shining, sparkling crystal clear And our souls were clean And the grass did grow And our souls were clean And the grass did grow And our souls were clean And the grass did grow  And as we walked Through the streets of Arklow 
spirit-Van Morrison[SEP]When you've given up hope & you're down in despair When you've given up hope & you're down in despair When you've given up hope & you're down in despair When you've given up- And you sit in your room and you're all alone And you turn to the one and you turn inside For a while Say, help me, angel. Oh, no, never let spirit die. Oh, no, spirit don't ever die. Oh, no, never let spirit die Oh, no, spirit don't ever die. Spirit don't ever die. And you go inside for a while And you turn to the one And you turn inside for a while. You turn it around And you follow the road And you get you back out And you follow the road Then you get you back home And you follow the road And you get you back out And you follow the road And you get you back home. Oh, no, never let spirit die Oh, no, spirit don't ever die. Oh. no, never let spirit die Oh, no, spirit don't ever die . . . Spirit, don't ever die And you keep walkin' on And you keep walkin' on Spirit in your soul You keep walkin' on And you keep walkin' on And you turn it around And you turn it around . . . Oh, no, spirit don't ever die. 
spanish rose-Van Morrison[SEP]The wine beneath the bed, The things we've done and said And all the memories that come glancing back to me In my loneliness You're standing in the breach Beyond that stretch, but our love will reach Unconsciousness that find me sometimes wondering Where you're at. Hmm, take me back again, Take me back one more time, Spanish rose.  The way you pulled the gate Behind you when you said, "It ain't too late, Come on, let's have a ball And swing the town tonight." And hoping you'd come through And many others, too, And all the friends we used to have in days gone by, I'm wondering If you'll take me back again, Take me back one more time, Spanish rose.  And when the lights went out And no one was abandoning the country in full bloom, In the room we danced And many hearts were torn And when the word went around that everything was wrong And couldn't be put right It tore me up, it tore me up.  In slumber you did sleep, The window I did creep And touch your raven hair and sing that song Again to you. You did not even wince, You thought I was the Prince To come and take you from your misery And lonely castle walls. Ah, take me back again, Take me back one more time, Spanish rose.  [Fadeout] Ah ah, ah ah, Mmmj, mmm, Da da da di da da da ... 
full force gale-Van Morrison[SEP]Like a full force gale I was lifted up again I was lifted up again by the Lord  And no matter where I roam I will find my way back home I will always return to the Lord  In the gentle evening breeze By the whispering shady trees I will find my sanctuary in the Lord  I was headed for a fall The I looked up and saw the writing on the wall  Like a full force gale I was lifted up again I was lifted up again by the Lord  I was headed for a fall The I looked up and saw the writing on the wall  In the gentle evening breeze By the whispering shady trees I will find my sanctuary in the Lord  And no matter where I roam I will find my way back home I will always return to the Lord  Like a full force gale I was lifted up again I was lifted up again by the Lord 
warm love-Van Morrison[SEP]Look at the ivy on the cold clinging wall Look at the flowers and the green grass so tall It's not a matter of when push comes to shove It's just an hour on the wings of a dove  I dig it when you're fancy dressed up in lace I dig it when you have a smile on your face This inspiration's got to be on the flow This invitation's got to see it and know  It's just warm love It's just warm love And it's everpresent everywhere And it's everpresent everywhere That warm love  To the country I'm going Lay and laugh in the sun You can bring, bring your guitar along We'll sing some songs, we'll have some fun  The sky is crying and it's time to go home And we shall hurry to the car from the foam Sit by the fire and dry out our wet clothes It's raining outside from the skies up above  Inside it's warm love Inside it's warm love And it's everpresent everywhere And it's everpresent everywhere Warm love Warm love 
last night i dreamt that somebody loved me(2005 bonus track)-Eurythmics[SEP]Last night I dreamt That somebody loved me No hope, no harm Just another false alarm  Last night I felt Real arms around me No hope, no harm Just another false alarm  So, tell me how long Before the last one? And tell me how long Before the right one?  The story is old – I know But it goes on The story is old – I know But it goes on  Oh, goes on And on Oh, goes on And on 
wide eyed girl-Eurythmics[SEP]She was a wide eyed girl In a purple dress She could have been good She could have been the best Shy little girl When it came to the test Wow oh... She was a cut above the rest. She was a wide eyed girl With teased up hair She could have had money But she didn't care She was looking for you daddy ...Never there Looking for you daddy oh yea yea  Wide eyed girl  She was a wide eyed girl Of a tender age. Just moving out of her sensitive phase. She said "I love you baby it's for always And I don't care what the teacher says." When she walked out Through the streets of Rome. All of the Italians wanna take her home All the brown little babies With the slicked back hair Sayin' "Prima amore... wow!"  "I'm sayin' something Are ya listening to me?" "Don't you walk away when I'm Communicating with you!" "She's goin' clickin' clackin' Down the road in them high heeled shoes"! "Mona Lisa!!!" 
a little of you-Eurythmics[SEP]There used to be a time I wore my heart upon my sleeve. There used to be a time I'd show my gentle side to anyone Through these years of wandering I know I've been deceived. Through these years of wandering...  And everytime you try to hurt me You know you'll only hurt yourself. And everytime you try to hurt me I know you'll be the one to suffer When you think you're hurting someone.  A little of you - a little of me - A little of you - Is hurting someone -  Don't tell me I'm the only one 'Cause I don't need that space. Don't ask for love I'll throw it back in your face. All of these promises Were only made to break. All of these promises...  [Chorus repeats...] 
here comes the rain again-Eurythmics[SEP]Here comes the rain again Falling on my head like a memory Falling on my head like a new emotion I want to walk in the open wind I want to talk like lovers do I want to dive into your ocean Is it raining with you  So baby talk to me Like lovers do Walk with me Like lovers do Talk to me Like lovers do  Here comes the rain again Raining in my head like a tragedy Tearing me apart like a new emotion Oooooh I want to breathe in the open wind I want to kiss like lovers do I want to dive into your ocean Is it raining with you  So baby talk to me Like lovers do  Here comes the rain again Falling on my head like a memory Falling on my head like a new emotion (Here it comes again, here it comes again) I want to walk in the open wind I want to talk like lovers do I want to dive into your ocean Is it raining with you 
better to have lost in love (than never to have loved at all)-Eurythmics[SEP]Cool tears flow upon my pillow. And I'm freezing blue with misery. You know that I never meant to hurt you But something always gets right in the way.  So I'll fill this bedrom full of mystery. Hang our last conclusions on the wall. And if this empty building starts to get to me Please remember that it just might be your fault.  Better to have lost in love Than never to have loved at all...  So the fated lovers turn to enemies - And all their hidden feelings start to show. And I never though that boy Could mean so much to me. And now it seems I'll have to let you go... 
adrian-Eurythmics[SEP]Adrian - don't you understand? Fools like us are always dreaming. And when you go to bed And cover up your head It's better if you try to stop remembering. And the world is slowly dawning To wake up to a new clear morning. Some of them just half your age Get written off, page by page...  Adrian don't you understand? Fools like us are always dreaming. And when you go to bed And cover up your head It's better if you try to stop remembering. Some of them just half your age Get written off page by page...  And the world is softly sleeping While your fears are in their keeping. All the planet's making haste To blow to bits in outer space... Adrian - don't you understand? 
hello i love you-Eurythmics[SEP]Hello, I love you Won't you tell me your name? Hello, I love you Let me jump in your game  Hello, I love you Won't you tell me your name? Hello, I love you Let me jump in your game  She's walkin' down the street Blind to every eye she meets Do you think you'll be the guy To make the queen of angels sigh?  Hello, I love you Won't you tell me your name? Hello, I love you Let me jump in your game  Hello, I love you Won't you tell me your name? Hello, I love you Let me jump in your game  She holds her head so high Like a statue in the sky Her arms are wicked, her legs are long When she moves, my brain screams out this song  Sidewalk crouches at her feet Like a dog that begs for something sweet Do you hope to make her see, you fool? Do you hope to pluck this dusky jewel?  Hello, I love you Hello, I love you Hello, I love you Hello, I love you  I love you I love you I love you I love you 
heaven-Eurythmics[SEP]That's right... That's right...  Heaven  I love to  Just what you need  Heaven  Takes a little time 
lifted-Eurythmics[SEP]Don't be afraid when you Walk through the dark Just when you feel that Your day fell apart Stay strong Keep holding on Clear skies ahead and the dark day is done Keep on lifted Keep on lifted  I wish you everything That you could want Just when the day finds you Turned back to front Stay clear Rescue is near When you feel That you're drowned in despair Keep on lifted keep on lifted  You're a bird in the sky now baby Earthbound Feet on the ground Now you can find peace at last Now you can find peace at last 
revenge-Eurythmics[SEP]She said revenge can be so sweet I like to take it when I can I need to play with the ones I hate I like to see them suffer  It has to be dangerous It has to be refined It has to be skillfull You need to take your time  She said I take care Of my resources You never know When you might need them  She said, "You got a snake, And that's a good example You don't even notice it until you're bitten, You learn to enjoy it.  I'm fast and I'm strong My reflexes are good It doesn't take long To achieve my deserved revenge 
julia-Eurythmics[SEP](Julia) When the leaves turn from green to brown And autumn shades come tumbling down (Julia) To leave a carpet on the ground Where we have laid  (Julia) When winter leaves her branches bare And icy breezes chill the air (Oh Julia) The freezing snow lies everywhere My darling, will we still be there? (Oh Julia)  (Julia) When spring rejoices down the lane And everything is new again Will everything be just the same Will we be there? (Oh Julia)  And the leaves turn from green to brown And autumn shades come tumbling down (Julia) To leave a carpet on the ground Where we have laid (Oh Julia)  (Julia) When winter leaves her branches bare And icy breezes chill the air (Oh Julia) The freezing snow lies everywhere My darling, will we still be there?  (Julia) Will we still be there? Will we still be there? (Oh Julia) Will we still be there?  Will we, will we, will we? Will we, will we? (Julia) Will we, will we?  (Julia) Will we, will we Will we still be there? Will we, will we Will we still be there?  (Julia) Will we Will we be there? Will we, will we Will we still be there?  Will we Will we still be there? 
when the day goes down-Eurythmics[SEP]Well don't you cry now - Don't go drowning in your tears Haven't you learnt anything After all these years?  All God's little children Are beautiful & pure And you're as good As all of them Of this you can be sure  And we are just the same Underneath the shadows Of the sun And we are just the same No more no less than anyone  All the people Of this lonely world Have got some pain inside Don't go thinking You're the only one Who ever broke right down And cried  That's when the rain comes down That's when the rain comes down  And this is for the broken dreamers This is for vacant souls This is for the hopeless losers This is for the hopeless fools And the burnt out And the useless And the lonely & the weak And the lost & the degraded & the too dumb to speak  And the day goes down That's when the day Goes down 
shame-Eurythmics[SEP]Now there's a lifestyle With painted lips Now there's a lifestyle Everybody wants it But it don't exist And I said shame...  In the dancehalls and the cinema Shame On the TV and the media Shame We loved you  Now there's a lifestyle With fashion chic Now there's a lifestyle Everybody in it wants To be elite And I said 'You with yer brand new shoes and You with yer greasy hair and You with yer mother's pride and poetry Don't you want to feel the shame?"...  In the dancehalls Can't you feel the shame? And the TV Can't you feel the shame? We loved you... Shame In the dancehalls and the cinema Shame On the TV and the media Shame We loved you At the Lido and the opera Shame At the races And the theatre Shame We loved you. And they said all we need is love All we need is love With the Beatles and the Rolling Stones. Day after day Day after day. 
i've tried everything-Eurythmics[SEP]The truth of life is the greatest gift But I don't think I can make it fit And who would guess it would come to this When I've tried everything  And I should know but I can't explain The endless noise sounding in my brain Who would've thought that you could feel such pain When you've tried everything  Yea.. you're a loser now Yea.. you're a loser now  I should be cool But I'm burning hot I should be good But I fell apart Don't look at me now don't even start Cause I've tried everything  Yea.. You're a loser now Yea.. You're a loser now 
in this town-Eurythmics[SEP]I could be anywhere else but here But the rain won't let me go. There's a photograph Hanging on my wall Of a place I've never been to... I'll never make the grade (Feels like Sunday everyday) And I can't stop the rain (Feels like Sunday everyday) What do the papers say? (Feels like Sunday everyday) Get up and go now!  In this town - something's gotta change. In this town - something's gotta change.  I'm looking at the world - Looking for a scene - Waiting for a day - Filling in time like I'm digging My own grave... I'll never make the grade (Feels like Sunday everyday) And I can't stop the rain (Feels like Sunday everyday) What do the papers say? (Feels like Sunday everyday) Get up and go now!  [Chorus repeats...] 
no fear, no hate, no pain (no broken hearts)-Eurythmics[SEP]Well in the morning When our day begins And it feels like cold cold steel And when the sun comes up It's like a new commotion You say nobody told you It would feel like this  No fear no hate no pain no broken hearts  You've got the killing gun Held in your hand It feels like cold cold steel And when the sun comes up It's like a new commotion You say shoot shoot shoot it up shoot it up 
english summer-Eurythmics[SEP]Child in the distance A memory untamed Family connections There's a mess in the kitchen All messages received Always a quick reply The mood the afternoon Another change of light  There's nothing like an English summer  The telephone is good So wonderful and true We need the time to think Everyone's listening Another change of light The underlying truth Request to pack it in No solutions 
wake me up before you go-go-Wham![SEP]Jitterbug Jitterbug Jitterbug Jitterbug  You put the boom-boom into my heart (do do) You send my soul sky high when your lovin' starts Jitterbug into my brain (yeah yeah) Goes a bang-bang-bang 'til my feet do the same But something's bugging you Something ain't right My best friend told me what you did last night Left me sleepin' in my bed I was dreaming, but I should have been with you instead  Wake me up before you go-go Don't leave me hanging on like a yo-yo Wake me up before you go-go I don't want to miss it when you hit that high Wake me up before you go-go 'Cause I'm not planning on going solo Wake me up before you go-go (ah) Take me dancing tonight I wanna hit that high (yeah, yeah)  You take the grey skies out of my way (do do) You make the sun shine brighter than Doris Day Turned a bright spark into a flame (yeah yeah) My beats per minute never been the same  'Cause you're my lady, I'm your fool It makes me crazy when you act so cruel Come on, baby, let's not fight We'll go dancing, everything will be all right  Wake me up before you go-go Don't leave me hanging on like a yo-yo Wake me up before you go-go I don't want to miss it when you hit that high Wake me up before you go-go 'Cause I'm not planning on going solo Wake me up before you go-go (ah) Take me dancing tonight I wanna hit that high (yeah, yeah, yeah, baby)  (Jitterbug) (Jitterbug)  Cuddle up, baby, move in tight We'll go dancing tomorrow night It's cold out there, but it's warm in bed They can dance, we'll stay home instead (yeah, yeah)  (Jitterbug)  Wake me up before you go-go Don't leave me hanging on like a yo-yo Wake me up before you go-go I don't want to miss it when you hit that high Wake me up before you go-go 'Cause I'm not plannin' on going solo Wake me up before you go-go (ah) Take me dancing tonight Wake me up before you go-go, don't you dare to leave me hanging on like a Yo-yo Take me dancing  (Boom-boom-boom-boom)  (Boom-boom-boom-boom) 
apologize-Timbaland[SEP]I'm holding on your rope Got me ten feet off the ground And I'm hearing what you say But I just can't make a sound You tell me that you need me Then you go and cut me down But wait You tell me that you're sorry Didn't think I'd turn around and say  That it's too late to apologize, it's too late I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late  I'd take another chance, take a fall, take a shot for you And I need you like a heart needs a beat But that's nothing new  I loved you with a fire red, now it's turning blue And you say Sorry like an angel Heaven let me think was you But I'm afraid  It's too late to apologize, it's too late I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late Woahooo woah  It's too late to apologize, it's too late I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late I said it's too late to apologize, yeah I said it's too late to apologize, yeah  I'm holding on your rope Got me ten feet off the ground 
sunflower-Post Malone[SEP][Swae Lee:] Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy (ooh) Ooh, ooh, ooh, ohh (ooh) Ayy, ayy Ooh, ooh, ooh, ohh  Needless to say, I keep in check She was a bad-bad, nevertheless (yeah) Callin' it quits now, baby, I'm a wreck (wreck) Crash at my place, baby, you're a wreck (wreck)  Needless to say, I'm keepin' in check She was a bad-bad, nevertheless Callin' it quits now, baby, I'm a wreck Crash at my place, baby, you're a wreck  Thinkin' in a bad way, losin' your grip Screamin' at my face, baby, don't trip Someone took a big L, don't know how that felt Lookin' at you sideways, party on tilt  Ooh-ooh Some things you just can't refuse She wanna ride me like a cruise And I'm not tryna lose  Then you're left in the dust Unless I stuck by ya You're a sunflower I think your love would be too much Or you'll be left in the dust Unless I stuck by ya You're the sunflower You're the sunflower  [Post Malone:] Every time I'm leavin' on you You don't make it easy, no, no Wish I could be there for you Give me a reason to go  Every time I'm walkin' out I can hear you tellin' me to turn around Fightin' for my trust and you won't back down Even if we gotta risk it all right now, oh  I know you're scared of the unknown (-known) You don't wanna be alone (alone) I know I always come and go (and go) But it's out of my control  And you'll be left in the dust Unless I stuck by ya You're the sunflower I think your love would be too much Or you'll be left in the dust Unless I stuck by ya You're the sunflower You're the sunflower Yeah 
rockstar-Post Malone[SEP][Post Malone:] Hahahahaha Tank God  Ayy, I've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies Man, I feel just like a rockstar (star) Ayy, ayy, all my brothers got that gas And they always be smokin' like a Rasta Fuckin' with me, call up on a Uzi And show up, man them the shottas When my homies pull up on your block They make that thing go grrrata-ta-ta (pow, pow, pow)  Ayy, ayy, switch my whip, came back in black I'm startin' sayin', "Rest in peace to Bon Scott" Ayy, close that door, we blowin' smoke She ask me light a fire like I'm Morrison Ayy, act a fool on stage Prolly leave my fuckin' show in a cop car Ayy, shit was legendary Threw a TV out the window of the Montage Cocaine on the table, liquor pourin', don't give a damn Dude, your girlfriend is a groupie, she just tryna get in Sayin', "I'm with the band" Ayy, ayy, now she actin' outta pocket Tryna grab up from my pants Hundred bitches in my trailer say they ain't got a man And they all brought a friend Yeah, ayy  Ayy, ayy, I've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies Man, I feel just like a rockstar (star) Ayy, ayy, all my brothers got that gas And they always be smokin' like a Rasta Fuckin' with me, call up on a Uzi And show up, man them the shottas When my homies pull up on your block They make that thing go grrrata-ta-ta (pow, pow, pow)  [21 Savage:] I've been in the Hills fuckin' superstars Feelin' like a popstar (21, 21, 21) Drankin' Henny, bad bitches jumpin' in the pool And they ain't got on no bra (no bra) Hit her from the back, pullin' on her tracks And now she screamin' out, "No mas" (yeah, yeah, yeah) They like, "Savage, why you got a 12 car garage And you only got 6 cars?" (21) I ain't with the cakin', how you kiss that? (kiss that?) Your wifey say I'm lookin' like a whole snack (big snack) Green hundreds in my safe, I got old racks (old racks) L.A. bitches always askin' "Where the coke at?" Livin' like a rockstar, smash out on a cop car Sweeter than a Pop-Tart, you know you are not hard I done made the hot chart, 'member I used to trap hard Livin' like a rockstar, I'm livin' like a rockstar  [Post Malone:] Ayy, I've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies Man, I feel just like a rockstar (star) Ayy, ayy, all my brothers got that gas And they always be smokin' like a Rasta Fuckin' with me, call up on a Uzi And show up, man them the shottas When my homies pull up on your block They make that thing go grrrata-ta-ta (pow, pow, pow)  Star, star, rockstar, rockstar, star Rockstar Rockstar, feel just like a rock... Rockstar Rockstar Rockstar Feel just like a... 
wow-Post Malone[SEP]Said she tired of little money, need a big boy Pull up 20 inch blades like I'm Lil' Troy Now it's everybody flockin', need a decoy Shawty mixing up the vodka with the LaCroix, yeah G-Wagen, G-Wagen, G-Wagen, G-Wagen All the housewives pullin' up (Up, up) I got a lot of toys, 720S bumpin' Fall Out Boy You was talkin' shit in the beginning (Mm-mm) Back when I was feelin' more forgivin' (More forgivin') I know it piss you off to see me winnin' (See me winnin') See the igloo in my mouth when I be grinnin' (I be grinnin'), yeah  Hunnid bands in my pocket, it's on me Hunnid deep when I roll like the army Get more bottles, these bottles are lonely It's a moment when I show up, got 'em sayin', "Wow" (Wow, wow) Hunnid bands in my pocket, it's on me (On me) Yeah, your grandmama probably know me (Know me) Get more bottles, these bottles are lonely It's a moment when I show up, got 'em sayin', "Wow" (Wow, wow)  Everywhere I go (Hey) Catch me on the block like I'm Mutombo (Wow) 750 Lambo in the Utah snow (Skrrt) Trunk in the front like that shit Dumbo, yeah Cut the roof off like a nip-tuck Pull up to the house with some big butts Turn the kitchen counter to a strip-club (Yeah, wow) Me and Dre came for the When I got guap, all of y'all just appeared (Wow) Before I dropped Stoney none of y'all really cared (Cared) Now they always say, "Congratulations," to the kid (Kid) And this is not a 40, but I'm pourin' out this shit (Yeah) Used to have a lot, but I got more now (Yup) Made another hit 'cause I got bored now (Yup) Always goin' for it, never punt fourth down Last call, Hail Mary, Prescott touchdown, ayy  Hunnid bands in my pocket, it's on me (On me) Hunnid deep when I roll like the army (Hey) Get more bottles, these bottles are lonely It's a moment when I show up, got 'em sayin', "Wow" (Wow, wow) Hunnid bands in my pocket, it's on me (Yeah, yeah) Yeah, your grandmama probably know me (Yeah, yeah) Get more bottles, these bottles are lonely It's a moment when I show up, got 'em sayin', "Wow"  (When I show up, got 'em sayin', "Wow") Ayy, ayy, wow Sayin', "Wow" Wow Wow 
hanging by a moment-Lifehouse[SEP]Desperate for changing, starving for truth I'm closer to where I started, I'm chasing after you  I'm falling even more in love with you Letting go of all I've held on to I'm standing here until you make me move I'm hanging by a moment here with you  Forgetting all I'm lacking, completely incomplete I'll take your invitation, you take all of me now  I'm falling even more in love with you Letting go of all I've held on to I'm standing here until you make me move I'm hanging by a moment here with you I'm living for the only thing I know I'm running and not quite sure where to go And I don't know what I'm diving into Just hanging by a moment here with you  There's nothing else to lose, there's nothing else to find There's nothing in the world that can change my mind There is nothing else There is nothing else There is nothing else  Desperate for changing, starving for truth I'm closer to where I started, I'm chasing after you  I'm falling even more in love with you Letting go of all I've held on to I'm standing here until you make me move I'm hanging by a moment here with you I'm living for the only thing I know I'm running and not quite sure where to go And I don't know what I'm diving into Just hanging by a moment here with you  Just hanging by a moment Just hanging by a moment I'm hanging by a moment Just hanging by a moment here with you 
bette davis eyes-Kim Carnes[SEP]Her hair is Harlow gold Her lips sweet surprise Her hands are never cold She's got Bette Davis eyes She'll turn the music on you You won't have to think twice She's pure as New York snow She got Bette Davis eyes  And she'll tease you She'll unease you All the better just to please you She's precocious, and she knows just What it takes to make a pro blush She got Greta Garbo's standoff sighs She's got Bette Davis eyes  She'll let you take her home It whets her appetite She'll lay you on the throne She got Bette Davis eyes She'll take a tumble on you Roll you like you were dice Until you come out blue She's got Bette Davis eyes  She'll expose you, when she snows you Off your feet with the crumbs she throws you She's ferocious, and she knows just What it takes to make a pro blush All the boys think she's a spy She's got Bette Davis eyes  And she'll tease you She'll unease you All the better just to please you She's precocious, and she knows just What it takes to make a pro blush All the boys think she's a spy She's got Bette Davis eyes  She'll tease you She'll unease you Just to please you She's got Bette Davis eyes She'll expose you When she snows you She knows you She's got Bette Davis eyes 
freak me-Silk[SEP]Freak me, baby (Ah, yeah) Freak me, baby (Mmm, just like that) Freak me, baby (Ah, yeah) Freak me, baby  Let me lick you up and down till you say stop Let me play with your body, baby, make you real hot Let me do all the things you want me to do 'Cause tonight, baby, I wanna get freaky with you  Baby, don't you understand I wanna be your nasty man I wanna make your body scream And you will know just what I mean (You know what I mean)  24 carat gold To warm the nights when you get cold I wanna lick you up and down (Baby, yeah, bay, yeah) And then I wanna lay you down, come on Silk sing  Let me lick you up and down till you say stop (Lick you up and down) Let me play with your body, baby, make you real hot (Let me make you real hot) Let me do all the things you want me to do (Whoa, ho, oh) 'Cause tonight, baby, I wanna get freaky with you  I love the taste of whip cream (Hey) Spread it on, don't be mean (Baby, don't be mean) You know I can't resist you, girl I'll fly you all around the world (All around the world, oh, baby)  I wanna see your body drip Come on let me take a sip (Come on, come on, come on, come on) Take off what you cherish most (come on, come on, come on, come on, baby) 'Cause when I brag I like to brag and boast  Let me lick you up and down till you say stop (Lick you up and down, oh, baby) Let me play with your body, baby, make you real hot (I wanna play with your body, baby, I wanna play with your body, girl) Let me do all the things you want me to do 'Cause tonight, baby, I wanna get freaky with you  You, you, you, you (Oh, you) You, you, you, you (Let me freak you) You, you, you, you (All of you) Yeah, come on, come on  You, you, you, you (Oh...you) You, you, you, you (Let me do you) 'Cause tonight, baby, I wanna get freaky with you  Let me lick you up and down till you say stop (Freak me, baby) Let me play with your body, baby, make you real hot (Freak me, baby) Let me do all the things you want me to do (Freak me, baby) 'Cause tonight, baby, I wanna get freaky with you  (Baby, don't stop) Let me lick you up and down till you say stop (Baby, don't stop) Let me play (Baby, don't stop) with your body, baby, make you real hot (Hey...) Let me do (Baby, don't stop) all the things you want me to do (Baby, don't stop) 'Cause tonight, baby, I wanna get freaky, freaky  (Let me lick you up and down) Let me lick you up and down till you say stop Let me play with your body, baby (Up and down), make you real hot (Let me make you soakin' wet, baby) Let me do all the things (Oh...) you want me to do (I won't play around with your love, baby) 'Cause tonight, baby, I wanna get freaky with you 
(everything i do) i do it for you-Bryan Adams[SEP]Look into my eyes – you will see What you mean to me Search your heart, search your soul And when you find me there, you'll search no more  Don't tell me it's not worth tryin' for You can't tell me it's not worth dyin' for You know it's true: Everything I do, I do it for you  Look into your heart – you will find There's nothin' there to hide Take me as I am, take my life I would give it all, I would sacrifice  Don't tell me it's not worth fightin' for I can't help it, there's nothin' I want more You know it's true: Everything I do, I do it for you, oh, yeah  There's no love like your love And no other could give more love There's nowhere unless you're there All the time, all the way, yeah  Look into your heart, baby...  Oh, you can't tell me it's not worth tryin' for I can't help it, there's nothin' I want more  Yeah, I would fight for you, I'd lie for you Walk the wire for you, yeah, I'd die for you  You know it's true: Everything I do, oh, I do it for you  Everything I do, darling You will see it's true You will see it's true Yeah! Search your heart and your soul You can't tell it's not worth dying for I'll be there I'd walk the fire for you I'd die for you Oh, yeah I'm going all the time, all the way 
9 to 5-Dolly Parton[SEP]Tumble outta bed And I stumble to the kitchen Pour myself a cup of ambition And yawn and stretch And try to come to life  Jump in the shower And the blood starts pumpin' Out on the street The traffic starts jumpin' The folks like me on the job from 9 to 5  Workin' 9 to 5, What a way to make a livin' Barely gettin' by It's all takin' and no givin' They just use your mind And they never give you credit It's enough to drive you crazy If you let it  9 to 5, for service and devotion You would think that I Would deserve a fair promotion Want to move ahead But the boss won't seem to let me I swear sometimes that man is out to get me  They let you dream Just to watch 'em shatter You're just a step On the boss-man's ladder But you got dreams He'll never take away  You're in the same boat With a lot of your friends Waitin' for the day your ship'll come in 'N' the tide's gonna turn And it's all gonna roll your way  Workin' 9 to 5 What a way to make a livin' Barely gettin' by It's all takin' and no givin' They just use your mind And you never get the credit It's enough to drive you crazy If you let it  9 to 5, yeah They got you where they want you There's a better life And you think about it, don't you? It's a rich man's game No matter what they call it And you spend your life Puttin' money in his wallet  9 to 5, whoa What a way to make a livin' Barely gettin' by It's all takin' and no givin' They just use your mind And they never give you credit It's enough to drive you crazy If you let it  9 to 5, yeah They got you where they want you There's a better life And you dream about it, don't you? It's a rich man's game No matter what they call it And you spend your life Puttin' money in his wallet  Working 9 to 5 
poker face-Lady Gaga[SEP]Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah  I wanna hold 'em like they do in Texas, please Fold 'em, let 'em, hit me, raise it, baby, stay with me (I love it) Love game intuition play the cards with Spades to start And after he's been hooked I'll play the one that's on his heart  Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh-e-oh-oh-oh I'll get him hot, show him what I've got Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh-e-oh-oh-oh, I'll get him hot, show him what I've got  [Chorus:] Can't read my, Can't read my No he can't read my poker face (she's got me like nobody) Can't read my Can't read my No he can't read my poker face (she's got me like nobody)  P-p-p-poker face, p-p-poker face (Mum mum mum mah) P-p-p-poker face, p-p-poker face (Mum mum mum mah)  I wanna roll with him a hard pair we will be A little gambling is fun when you're with me (I love it) Russian Roulette is not the same without a gun And baby when it's love if it's not rough it isn't fun, fun  Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh-e-oh-oh-oh I'll get him hot, show him what I've got Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh-e-oh-oh-oh, I'll get him hot, show him what I've got  [Chorus]  P-p-p-poker face, p-p-poker face (Mum mum mum mah) P-p-p-poker face, p-p-poker face (Mum mum mum mah) (Mum mum mum mah) (Mum mum mum mah)  I won't tell you that I love you Kiss or hug you Cause I'm bluffin' with my muffin I'm not lying, I'm just stunnin' with my love-glue-gunning Just like a chick in the casino Take your bank before I pay you out I promise this, promise this Check this hand cause I'm marvelous  [Chorus 3x]  [3x] P-p-p-poker face, p-p-poker face (Mum mum mum mah) P-p-p-poker face, p-p-poker face (Mum mum mum mah) 
just dance-Lady Gaga[SEP]Red One Konvict Gaga (oh, yeah)  I've had a little bit too much, much All of the people start to rush. Start to rush by. A dizzy twister dance Can't find my drink or man. Where are my keys? I lost my phone, phone.  What's going on, on the floor? I love this record, baby, but I can't see straight anymore. Keep it cool, what's the name of this club? I can't remember but it's alright, a-alright.  [Chorus:] Just dance. Gonna be okay. Da-doo-doo-doo Just dance. Spin that record babe. Da-doo-doo-doo Just dance. Gonna be okay. Duh-duh-duh-duh Dance. Dance. Dance. Just dance.  Wish I could shut my playboy mouth. How'd I turn my shirt inside out, inside out right? Control your poison, babe "Roses have thorns," they say. And we're all gettin' hosed tonight.  What's going on, on the floor? I love this record, baby, but I can't see straight anymore. Keep it cool, what's the name of this club? I can't remember but it's alright, a-alright.  [Chorus]  [Colby O'Donis] When I come through on the dance floor checking out that catalogue. Can't believe my eyes so many women without a flaw. And I ain't gonna' give it up, steady tryna pick it up like a car I'ma hit it, I'ma hit it and latch onto it until tomorrow, yeah Shorty I can see that you got so much energy The way you twirling up them hips 'round and 'round And there is no reason at all why you can't leave here with me In the mean time stay, let me watch you break it down.  [Chorus]  Half psychotic, sick hypnotic got my blueprint it's symphonic. Half psychotic, sick hypnotic got my blueprint electronic. Half psychotic, sick hypnotic got my blueprint it's symphonic. Half psychotic, sick hypnotic got my blueprint electronic.  Go. Use your muscle, carve it out, work it, hustle I got it, just stay close enough to get it Don't slow! Drive it, clean it, Lysol, bleed it Spend the last dough (I got it) In your pocko (I got it)  [Chorus] 
i'm a believer-Monkees[SEP]I thought love was only true in fairy tales Meant for someone else but not for me. Love was out to get me That's the way it seemed. Disappointment haunted all my dreams.  Then I saw her face, now I'm a believer Not a trace of doubt in my mind. I'm in love, I'm a believer! I couldn't leave her if I tried.  I thought love was more or less a givin' thing, Seems the more I gave the less I got. What's the use in tryin'? All you get is pain. When I needed sunshine I got rain.  Then I saw her face, now I'm a believer Not a trace of doubt in my mind. I'm in love, I'm a believer! I couldn't leave her if I tried.  Love was out to get me Now, that's the way it seemed Disappointment haunted all my dreams  Oh, then I saw her face, now I'm a believer Not a trace of doubt in my mind. I'm in love, I'm a believer! I couldn't leave her if I tried.  Yes, I saw her face, now I'm a believer And not a trace of doubt in my mind. Said I'm a believer I'm a believer I'm a believer Said I'm a believer I'm a believer I said I'm a believer I'm a believer 
last train to clarksville-Monkees[SEP]Take the last train to Clarksville And I'll meet you at the station You can be here by four thirty 'Cause I made your reservation Don't be slow, oh, no, no, no! Oh, no, no, no!  'Cause I'm leavin' in the morning And I must see you again We'll have one more night together 'Til the morning brings my train And I must go, oh, no, no, no! Oh, no, no, no! And I don't know if I'm ever coming home  Take the last train to Clarksville I'll be waiting at the station We'll have time for coffee flavored kisses And a bit of conversation Oh... Oh, no, no, no! Oh, no, no, no!  Take the last train to Clarksville Now I must hang up the phone I can't hear you in this noisy Railroad station all alone I'm feelin' low. Oh, no, no, no! Oh, no, no, no! And I don't know if I'm ever coming home  Take the last train to Clarksville And I'll meet you at the station You can be here by four thirty 'Cause I made your reservation Don't be slow, oh, no, no, no! Oh, no, no, no! And I don't know if I'm ever coming home  Take the last train to Clarksville Take the last train to Clarksville Take the last train to Clarksville Take the last train to Clarksville Take the last train to Clarksville... 
mathilda-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]My love for you will always be just a faded memory Guess I'll cry and cry for you yes no matter what you do You gave me love when there was none you know you're the only one Yes I'll cry and cry in vain I want my baby back again Mathilda I'll cry and cry for you Lord no matter what you do Yes I'll cry and cry in vain I want my baby back again  Oh Mathilda I'll cry and cry for you... 
he'll have to go-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Put your sweet lips a little closer to the phone. Let's pretend that we're together, all alone. I'll tell the man to turn the juke box way down low, And you can tell your friend there with you he'll have to go. Whisper to me, tell me do you love me true, Or is he holding you the way I do? Tho' love is blind, make up your mind, I've got to know, Should I hang up, or will you tell him he'll have to go? You can't say the words I want to hear While you're with another man, If you want me, answer "yes" or "no" Darling, I will understand. Put your sweet lips a little closer to the phone. Let's pretend that we're together, all alone. I'll tell the man to turn the juke box way down low, And you can tell your friend there with you he'll have to go. 
your cheatin' heart-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Your cheating heart will make you weep You'll cry and cry you'll try to sleep But sleep won't come the whole night through Your cheating heart will tell on you  When tears come down like falling rain You'll toss around and call my name You're gonna walk the floor the way I do Your cheating heart is gonna tell on you  Yes when tears come down like falling rain You'll toss around and call my name You're gonna walk the floor the way I do Your cheating heart is gonna tell on you 
think about it darlin'-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Search the corners of your precious heart and if you find something there And there's anyway to call it love and we still got a prayer I've got more love for you sweetheart than you'll ever find again So before you close that door on me think about it darlin' Think about it darlin' give yourself a little time Consider all you mean to me and you might change your mind Mhm I haven't been the kind of man you wanted me to be But if you stay'll darlin' I'll try to change. don't give up on Jerry Lee Lord things were good between us once I know they could be again And there's nothing good about goodbye think about it darlin' (There's nothing good about goodbye) think about it darlin' 
brown eyed handsome man-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Flying across the desert in a TWA, I saw a woman walking across the sand Walkin? thirty miles in route to Bombay. To meet a brown eyed handsome man, Brown eyed handsome man Milo Venus was a beautiful lass She had the world in the palm of her hand But she lost both her arms in a wrestling match To get a brown eyed handsome man, Brown eyed handsome man Way back in history three thousand years Back ever since the world began there's been a whole lot of shakin? goin? on Over brown eyed handsome man, Brown eyed handsome man Piano-/Guitar solo Milo Venus was a beautiful lass She had the world in the palm of her hand But she lost both her arms in a wrestling match To get a brown eyed handsome man, Brown eyed handsome man  Two, three count had nobody on He hit a high fly in the stand Rounding third he was headed for home It was a brown eyed handsome man Brown eyed handsome man, Yeah! 
touching home-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP](Today I can feel it touching home) Today pain became a real life's hurtin' thing And the choir of loneliness sang me a song Now I know just what it means to lose a lifetime dream Cause today I can feel it touching home No longer do I wonder why men have lost their minds Or wind up in a jungle of flashing neon signs Now I know just how long a man can last when love is gone Cause today I can feel it touching home  No longer do I wonder why men have lost their minds Or wind up in a jungle of flashing neon signs Now I know just how long a man can last when love is gone Cause today I can feel it touching home Cause today I can feel it touching home 
don't put no headstone on my grave-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Don't put no headstone on my grave, All my life I've been a slave, Want the whole wide world to know, That I'm the man that loved you so Mama, mama, don't you cry, I'm gonna meet you in the by and by, in the sweet by and by Tell papa I'm comin' home, comin' on home, God, it can't be very long Don't put no headstone on my grave, All my life I've been a slave, Want the whole wide world to know, That I'm the stud that loved you so M,m,m,m,m,m mama don't you cry, Lord, I'm gonna meet you in the by and by, in the sweet by and by Tell papa I'm coming home, Oh God, it can't be very long Don't put no headstone on my grave, Whoooh! All my life I've been a slave, motherhumpin' slave And you know something? I want the world to know, That I'm the stud that loved that woman so Mama, mama don't you cry, mama, don't cry, I'm gonna meet you in the by and by, in the sweet by and by Tell papa, I'm coming home, Oh Lord, You know, it can't be very long (One more time now) Don't put a headstone on my grave All my life I've been a slave, Want the whole wide world to know, That I'm the man, That loved, That loved, Don't put no headstone on my grave, All my life I've been a slave, whoooh! I want the whole wide world to know, That I'm the stud that loved you so Ma-ma-ma-ma mama, don't you cry, whooh! Don't cry! I'm-a-gonna meet you in the by and by, in the sweet by and by, Tell papa I'm coming home, coming on home... ...And you know something ladies? Oh, God, it can't be very long 
big blon' baby-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Wailin' on the corner like an ol' tomcat shoutin' and a shakin' almost off my bat Who walks by me oh my jumpin' jeshosaphat big blon' baby Yesterday she kissed me she was so divine Fell right down and begged her to be mine all mine Held her tight ooh good night jumpin' jeshosaphat big blon' baby Big blon' baby ooh glory to be here I go again big blon' baby Yeah Lord I love you so I love her love her so I shiver and I quiver when she kisses me Lord she gonna set ol' Jerry Lee free Held her tight ooh good night jumpin' jeshosaphat big blon' baby  Big blon' baby ooh glory to be here I go again big blon' baby Yeah Lord I love you so I love her love her so I shiver and I quiver when she kisses me Lord she gonna set ol' Jerry Lee free Held her tight ooh good night jumpin' jeshosaphat big blon' baby  Big Blon' Baby I love you honey squeeze you with all my might yeah up tight Whoa fade out gotta do grrr hang it in give it to me let it all hang out 
flip flop and fly-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Now when I get the blues I get me a rockin' chair When I get the blues I get me a rockin' chair Well the blues don't get me gonna rock on away from here Give me one more kiss hold it a long long time Now love me baby till a feelin' hits my head like wine Oh flip flop and fly I don't care if I die Now flip flop and fly I don't care if I die Don't ever leave me don't you ever say goodbye  Oh when I get lonesome I jump on the telephone When I get lonesome I jump on the telephone I call my baby tell her I'm gonna come back home I'm like a Mississippi bullfrog sittin' on a hollow stump I'm like a Mississippi bullfrog sittin' on a hollow stump I got so many women Lord I don't know which way to jump Jump jump let's go now Flip flop and fly I don't care if I die... 
green green grass of home-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]The old hometown looks the same as I step down from the train And there to meet me is my mama and papa Down the road I look and there runs Mary hair of gold and lips like cherries It's good to touch the green green grass of home Yes they'll all come to meet me arms areaching smiling sweetly It's good to touch the green green grass of home The old house is still standing though the paint is cracked and dry And there's that old oak tree that I used to play on Down the lane I walk with my sweet Mary hair of gold and lips like cherries It's good to touch the green green grass of home Then I awake and look around me at four grey walls that surround me And I realize that I was only dreaming For there's a guard and there's that sad old padre arm in arm we'll walk at daybreak And again I'll touch the green green grass of home Yes they'll all come to see me in the shade of that old oak tree As they lay me neath the green green grass of home 
let's talk about us-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]We talked about the birdies That fly up in the trees We talked about the moon And the stars we couldn't see But you keep on pretending You don't know what's wrong with me  Come on, let's talk, about us  We talked about the good times That made us laugh and sigh We talked about the bad times That brought tears to our eyes Now, I think it's about time For you to realize  Come on, let's talk, about us  Hey Dear, I swear I'll love you, 'til the very end But I don't plan on stickin' around If it's just to be your friend  We've talked, and talked, and talked, and talked But there's been nothin said The things that you've been talking about  Just don't stick to my head Sometimes I think, little girl That your heart is filled with lead  Come on, let's talk, about us  Well, dear, I swear I'll love you, oh, 'til the very End Well, I don't plan on stickin' around If it's just to be your friend  We've talked, and talked, and talked, and talked And there's been nothin said The thing that you've been talkin' about Just don't stick to my head My darlin'little girl I think that your heart is made of lead  Come on, let's talk, about us Come on, let's talk, about us Well, well, well, well, well Come on, let's talk, about us 
memphis tennessee-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Long distance information give me Memphis Tennessee. Help me find the party tryin' to get in touch with me. She could not leave a number but I know who placed the call. But my uncle took the message and he wrote it on the wall!  Help me information get in touch with my Marie. She's the only one who'd phone me here from Memphis Tennessee Her home is on the Southside high upon the ridge Just a half from a mile from the Mississippi bridge.  Help me information more than that I cannot add. Only that I miss her and all the fun we have. But we were pulled apart 'Cause her mom did not agree Tore apart our happy home in Memphis Tennessee  Last time I saw Marie she's waving me good-bye. With hurry homedrops on her cheek that trickles from her eyes. Marie is only six years old information please! Try to put me through to her in Memphis Tennessee 
high school confidential-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Open up, a-honey, it's your lover boy me that's a-knockin' Why don't you listen to me, sugar? All the cats are at the high school rockin' Honey, get your boppin' shoes 'Fore the jukebox blow the fuse Everybody hoppin' Everybody's boppin' Boppin' at the high school hop  They're boppin' at the high school hop Shakin' at the high school hop Hoppin' at the high school rock Rockin' at the high school hop Well, everybody hoppin' Everybody's boppin' Boppin' at the high school hop  Come on, little baby, let's rock a little bit tonight Woo, let's get with it sugar, let's shake it up tonight Well, my heart's a-beatin' rhythm and my feet are movin' smooth and light  Well, boppin' at the high school hop Boppin' at the high school hop Shakin' at the high school hop Movin' at the high school hop Everybody boppin' Everybody rockin' Boppin' at the high school hop Now let's go!  Well, now let me tell you something, baby, I'ma gonna give you some good news Look a-here, sweet mama, let's burn off both our shoes Well, my heart's a-beatin' rhythm and my soul is singin' the blues  Well, boppin' at the high school hop Hoppin' at the high school hop We're just a-jumpin' at the high school hop We're rollin' at the high school hop Well, everybody hoppin' Everybody's boppin' Boppin' at the high school hop Now let's go! Woo!  Well, boppin' at the high school hop Hoppin' at the high school hop Shakin' at the high school hop We're just a-movin' and a-groovin' at the high school hop Well, everybody boppin' Everybody's hoppin' Boppin' at the high school hop 
a picture from life's other side-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]In the world's mighty gallery of pictures Hang the scenes that are painted from life There's pictures of love and of passion Then there's pictures of peace and of strife  There hang pictures of youth and of beauty Of old age and the blushing young bride They all hang on the wall but the saddest of all Are the pictures from life's other side  Just a picture from life's other side Someone has fell by the way A life has gone out with the tide That might have been happy some day  There's a poor old mother at home She's watching and waiting alone Just longing to hear from a loved one so dear It's just a picture from life's other side  The first scene is that of a gambler Who had lost all his money at play And he draws his dead mother's ring from his finger That she wore long ago on her wedding day  It's his last earthly treasure but he stakes it Then he bows his head that his shame he may hide But when they lifted his head they found he was dead That's just a picture from life's other side  Now the last scene is that by the river Of a heartbroken mother and babe As the harbor lights shine and they shiver On an outcast whom no one will save  And yet she was once a true woman She was somebody's darling and pride God help her she leaps for there's no one to weep It's just a picture from life's other side 
fools like me-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Everybody tells me love is blind maybe so but I refuse to see Everybody tells me the things you do I don't care cause I'm a fool for you It doesn't really matter what you are it only matters what you are to me And if it's I'm not wise enough to see but with love be without fools like me  Maybe lovin' you that's not so smart and maybe bein' you break my heart I really should've loved you but I'd knew and I keep stop cause I'm a fool for you I only hope this kind of love is real cause I can't ever change the way I feel And maybe maybe I'm not wise enough to see but with love be without fools like me 
milwaukee here i come-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Well I'm gonna get on the ol' turnpike and I'm gonna ride I'm gonna leave this town till you decide Which one do you want the most them opera stars or me Milwaukee here I come from Nashville Tennessee  We were watchin' TV Ernest Tubb was singin' loud I said that's the man for me I love him there's no doubt I'm leavin' you right now to go and find out where he's at But if I can't get him I'll settle for that bluegrass Lester Flatt  Well I'm gonna get on that ol' turnpike and I'm gonna ride I'm a gonna leave this town till you decide Which one do you want the most George Jones or Jerry Lee Milwaukee here I come from Nashville Tennessee  Well I'm goin' now and trade my ol' Ford for a nose I might get all drunked up and trade it for the rose There's just one thing I know I'll always be true Cause there ain't no way to get drunk honey to stop my lovin' you  Babe I'm a gonna get on that ol' turnpike and I'm gonna ride I'm a gonna leave this town till you decide Which one do you want the most George Jones or Jerry Lee Milwaukee here I come from Nashville Tennessee  Well I'm a gonna get on that ol' turnpike and I'm gonna ride I'm a gonna leave this town till you decide Which one do you want the most George Jones or rockin' Jerry Lee Milwaukee here I come from Nashville Tennessee Whoa Milwaukee here I come from Nashville Tennessee 
you went out of your way (to walk on me)-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]You sat your sight on someone, Who belonged to someone else, Just to see if you could have the one you pleased  You weren't complete, until you got me, I lost her, and then you dropped me, You went out of your way to walk on me  You went out of your way to walk on me You were reachin' for a soul that was not free, Yeah With so many hearts for the takin', you chose mine for the breakin' You went out of your way to walk on me  Yeah, you went out of your way to walk on me, You were reachin' for a soul that was not free, With so many hearts for the takin', you chose mine for the breakin' You went out of your way to walk on me Oh baby, you went out of your way to walk on me, Walk on baby! 
don't be cruel-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]You know I can be found sittin' home all alone If you can't come around a least please telephone Don't be cruel to a heart that's true Baby if I made you mad for somethin' I might have said Please let's forget the past the future looks bright ahead Don't be cruel I got a heart so true I don't want no other love honey it's just you I'm thinkin' of  Let's walk up to the preacher and let us say I do Then you gonna have me baby I got a little bitty your love too And don't don't don't don't be cruel I don't want no other love honey it's just you I'm thinkin' of  Hey don't stop thinkin' about me and don't make me feel this way Come on over here and love me you know what I want you to say Don't be cruel to a heart that's true Well I don't want no other love honey it's just you I'm thinkin' of  Don't be cruel to a heart that's true don't be cruel to a heart that's true Why should we be apart I really love you baby cross my heart 
fraulein-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Far across the blue waters Lives an old German's daughter By the banks of the old river Rhine Where I loved her and left her But I can't forget her 'Cause I miss my pretty Fraulein  Fraulein, Fraulein Look up toward the heavens each night When the stars seem to shine By the same stars above you I swear that I love you You are my pretty Fraulein  When my memories wander Away over yonder To the sweetheart that I left behind In a moment of glory A face comes before me The face of my pretty Fraulein  Fraulein, Fraulein Walk down by the river Pretend that your hand's holding mine By the same stars above you I swear that I love you 
cc rider-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Yes CC rider just see what you have done Yes yes Lord CC rider see what you have done Girl you made me love you now your man's come Well I'm going away baby and I won't be back till fall Oh Lord Lord I'm going away mama I ain't come back at all If I can just find me a good girl I may never be turn to next fall It can't turn about Jerry Lee Lewis honey yeah  Well CC rider girl the moon is shinning bright Oh Lord Lord CC rider the moon is shinning bright Lord if I can just walk with you good looking mama everything will be alright Come on and take it in Yeah see CC rider oh see see see see see see see CC rider woooo gettin' hard now wooooo Yeah gal look at here look at here oh yeah yeah CC rider CC rider woo 
too much to gain to lose-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Too many miles behind me Too many trials are through Too many tears help me to remember There's too much to gain to lose  Too many sunsets that lie behind the mountains Too many rivers my feet have walked through Too many treasures awaiting over yonder And there's too much to gain to lose  I crossed the hot burning desert Just struggling the right road to choose Somewhere up ahead there's cool clear water And defeat is one word I never use  Too many sunsets that lie behind the mountains Too many rivers my feet have walked through Too many treasures awaiting over yonder And there's too much to gain to lose  And there's too much to gain to lose 
put me down-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Well, I'm shakin' and I'm nervous all over And I don't mind tellin' you why I lost my breath to the hands of death And baby gonna say goodbye It's all over town, my baby's put me down Well, my mind is blanked up and dizzy And I think I'm a gonna cry If I find it's true, she found somebody new I guess I'll lay right down and die It's all over town, you're gonna put me down Oh baby, I'm beggin' you baby Oh baby, please go slow You know I love you darlin' With all my heart and all of my soul My temperature's up with a fever And I don't know what to do I'm just a-sittin' at home by the telephone I'm just a-waitin' for a call from you It's all over town, you're gonna put me down  Oh baby, I'm beggin' you baby Oh baby, please go slow You know I love you darlin' With all my heart and all of my soul My temperature's up with a fever And I don't know what to do I'm just a-sittin' at home by the telephone I'm just a-waitin' for a call from you It's all over town, you're gonna put me down It's all over town, you're gonna put me down It's all over town, you're gonna put me down 
foolish kind of man-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Can I cast the shadow of your mem'ry from the past And dreams about the love we shared of that couldn't last But as times goes on I won't give up to have you back again I guess I'm just a foolish kind of man Foolish kind of man that's what they tell me I wonder about the love you never gave me If you would only stop and think about the love that was true Then you'll know how much darlin' I have to offer you  Can I stop this feeling in my heart that hurts me so Can I erase the memory of your gentle touch Darlin' I won't stop my love for you even if i can I guess I'm just a foolish kind of man Foolish kind of man that's what they tell me I wonder about the love you never gave me If you would only stop and think about the love that was true Then you'll know how much darlin' I have to offer you Then you'll know how much darlin' I have to offer you 
gather 'round children-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]She lies there so peaceful in her eternal sleep With wreaths of flowers from her head to her feet A gown of gold she wears to match her silver hair  A peaceful smile upon her face That shows her heavenly grace Come gather 'round children bow your head and pray Come gather 'round children while they lay Mama away  She gave us all her good years oh Lord she gave us all her best Come gather 'round children while they lay our precious Mama to rest Now Dad he's waited so long for Mama to join him And on her right lies my brother John  On Dad's left lies my sister a flower taken Lord while still in bloom I know we'll miss her but Lord they'll be so glad to see her 
would you take another chance on me-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]If I promise you to straighten up and put my life in order If I swear to you woman on bended knees I won't hurt you again If I become the kind of man that you want me to be Would you take another chance on me The good Lord knows I've done you wrong I've asked him to forgive me Deep inside I think you would darlin' if you could do the same If I could take back all the things that caused you misery Would you take another chance on me Would you take another chance on me I've paid for my mistakes Would you take another chance on me or have I changed too late Mhm I've been a fool woman for hurting you but can't you see I'm sorry If only you were mine again I'd make it up to you But my past keeps blindin' you if you could only see Would you take another chance on me (think about that darling) 
jambalaya (on the bayou)-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Goodbye Joe, me gotta go, down the bayou Me gotta go pole the pirogue down the bayou My Yvonne, the sweetest one, me oh, my oh Son of a gun, we'll have big fun on the bayou  Jambalaya, a-crawfish pie and-a file gumbo Yeah tonight I'm gonna see my machez amio Pick guitar, fill fruit jar and be gay-oh Son of a gun, we'll have a little fun on the bayou  Thibodeaux, fontainbleau, the place is buzzin' Kinfolk come to see Yvonne by the dozen Dress in style, go hog wild, me oh, my oh Son of a gun, we'll have a little fun on the bayou  Jambalaya, a-crawfish pie and-a file gumbo Well, tonight I'm gonna see my machez amio Pick guitar, gonna fill fruit jar and be gay-oh Son of a gun, gonna have big fun on the bayou 
help me make it through the night-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Take the ribbon from your hair shake it loose and let it fall Laying soft upon my skin like the shadows on the wall Come on and lay down by my side till the early morning light All I'm taking is your time just help me make it through the night I don't care what's right or wrong I don't try to understand Let the devil take tomorrow Lord tonight I need a friend Well yesterday is dead and gone yes it is and tomorrow's out of sight It's so sad to be alone (think about it now) help me make it through the night  I don't care what's right or wrong I don't try to understand Let the devil take tomorrow Lord tonight I need a friend Well yesterday is dead and gone yes it is and tomorrow's out of sight It's so sad to be alone (think about it now) help me make it through the night 
room foll of roses-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]If I sent a rose to you For every time you made me blue, You'd have a room full of roses. If I sent a rose of white For every time I cried all night, You'd have a room full of roses;  And if you took the petals and tore them all apart, You'd be tearin' at the roses just the way you tore my heart!  If someday you're feelin' blue, You could send some roses too! Well, I don't want a room full o' roses, I just want my arms full o' you!  You'd have a room full of roses.  You'd have a room full of roses.  And if you took the petals and tore them all apart, You'd be tearin' at the roses just the way you tore my heart!  If I sent a rose to you For every time you made me blue, You'd have a room full of roses. If I sent a rose of white For every time I cried all night, You'd have a room full of roses;  And if you took the petals and tore them all apart, You'd be tearin' at the roses just the way you tore my heart!  If someday you're feelin' blue, And you could send some roses too, Well, I don't want a room full o' roses, I just want my arms full of you! 
singing the blues-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Well I never felt more like Singing the blues 'Cause I never thought that I'd ever lose Your loving Why'd you do me this way  Well I never felt more Like cryin' all night 'Cause everything's wrong And nothing ain't right Without you  Got me singing the blues The moon and the stars No longer shine The dream is gone I thought it was mine There's nothin' left For me to do But cry over you  Well I never felt more Like runnin' away Why should I go when I Couldn't stay Without you Got me singing the blues The moon and the stars  No longer shine The dream is gone I thought it was mine There's nothin' left Or me to do  But cry over Well I never felt more Like runnin' away Why should I go when I couldn't stay Without you Got me singing the blues Got me singing the blues Got me singing the blues 
one more time-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Mistakes I know I've made them and you don't know how much I hate them But that's me darlin' and I don't guess ol' Jerry will ever change And I don't mean to hurt you heaven knows I hate to hurt you But here I am to ask forgiveness one more time One more time I'll ask you to forgive me one more time I'll come crawling back to you All I ask is a chance to show how much I love you so Will you please take me back one more time  Oh one more time I'm gonna tell you that I'm sorry But this time darlin' I'll go down on my bended knee And I'll cry and beg forgiveness please won't give me your forgiveness Will you please take me back one more time Won't you please take me back just one more time 
i love you so much it hurts-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]I love you so much, it hurts me Darling, that's why I'm so blue I'm so afraid to go to bed at night Afraid of losing you  I love you so much, it hurts me And there's nothing I can do I want to hold you, my Dear, forever and ever I love so much, it hurts me so  I love you so much, it hurts me Darling, that's why I'm so blue I'm so afraid to go to bed at night Afraid of losing you  I love you so much, it hurts me And there's nothing I can do I want to hold you, my Dear, forever and ever I love so much it hurts me so 
crazy arms-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Now blue ain't the word for the way that I feel And the storm's brewing in this heart of mine This ain't no crazy dream I know that it's real You're someone else's love now you're not mine  Crazy arms that reach to hold somebody new While my yearning heart keeps saying you're not mine My troubled mind knows soon to another you'll be wed And that's why I'm lonely all the time  Now take all those precious dreams I had for you and me And take all the love I thought was mine You know someday those crazy arms may hold somebody new But honey I am going to be lonely every time  Crazy arms that reach to hold somebody new While my yearning heart keeps saying you're not mine My troubled mind knows soon to another you'll be wed And that's why I'm lonely all the time 
foolaid-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]If you've lost a love that you can't live without it seems And your world has taken on a darker shade And you spend your days and nights in total loneliness There's a miracle magic liquid called foolaid  It'll cure what ails you as the old sayin' goes It'll numb your brain and ease your pain from your head down to your toes It'll make you forget a while all the mistakes you've ever made This miracle magic liquid called foolaid  The victims of this liquid crutch are the ones who never smiled But when life goes wrong though it don't last long it helps a little while But to pay the price a sacrifice of your self-respect is made To gain the strength that comes each day from foolaid  It'll cure what ails you as that old sayin' goes This miracle magic liquid called foolaid 
i get the blues when it rains-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]It was raining, dear, when I met you You smiled, the sun shone through Then it rained again and I lost you Just why I never knew. Now every time the storm clouds gather way up in the sky, I see them all and I recall those happy days gone by:  I get the blues when it rains, The blues I can't lose when it rains Each little drop that falls on my window pane Always reminds me of the tears I've shed in vain I sit and wait for the sun To shine down on me once again It rained when I found you, It rained when I lost you, That's why I'm so blue when it rains. 
release me-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Please release me let me go For I don't love you anymore To waste our lives would be a sin Release me and let me love again  I have found a new love dear And I will always want her near Her lips are warm while yours are cold Release me my darling let me go  For I don't love you anymore So release me and let me love again  Please release me can't you see You'd be a fool to cling to me To live a lie would bring us pain So release me and let me love again 
down the line-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Well, you can't be my lovin' baby You ain't got the style I'm a-gonna get some real gone love That'll drive a cool cat wild I wanna move, move on down the line Gonna get me a gal, then I go out on the town Well, I wanna move on down the line I'm gonna get me a gal, make some time She can't be square, she can't be slow And when she starts a-struttin' she's gotta go I'm gonna move, move on down the line Well, I'm in love, have been all the time  Yeah, I'm gonna show you ain't so hot I'm gonna get what you ain't got She'll be sweet, won't do me wrong She'll be cool and twice as gone We're gonna roll on, roll on down the line I'm gonna get some love, lovin' that's truly fine Well, I wanna move on down the line I'm gonna get some lovin, truly fine A love that'll be twice as gone And when she starts a-struttin' she's gotta go I wanna move on, move on down the line Well, I'm gonna do right, do right all the time I'm gonna do right, do right all the time 
i'll fly away-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Well, some glad morning when this life is o'er I'll fly away To a home on God's celestial shore I'll fly away  I'll fly away, oh glory, I'll fly away When I die, Hallelujah, by and by I'll fly away Just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away  To a home where joy shall never end I'll fly away I'll fly away, oh glory, I'll fly away When I die, Hallelujah, by and by I'll fly away 
great balls of fire-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]You shake my nerves and you rattle my brain Too much love drives a man insane You broke my will, but what a thrill Goodness gracious great balls of fire  I laughed at love when I thought it was funny But you came along and you moved me honey I've changed my mind, this love is fine Goodness gracious great balls of fire  Kiss me baby, woo, it feels good Hold me baby, ooh, yeah, you gonna love me like a lover should You're fine, so kind, I'm gonna tell this world that you're mine! Mine! Mine! Mine!  I chew my nails, I twiddle my thumbs I'm really nervous but it sure is fun Come on baby, you drive me crazy Goodness gracious great balls of fire  Ohhh, kiss me baby, woo-oooooo, feels good, yeah Let me love you like a lover should. You're fine. So kind. I gonna tell this world that you're mine! Mine! Mine! Mine!  I chew my nails and I twiddle my thumbs I'm real nervous but it sure is fun Come on baby, you drive me crazy Goodness gracious great balls of fire 
dream baby (how long must i dream)-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Sweet dream baby Sweet dream baby Sweet dream baby How long must I dream?  Dream baby, got me dreamin' sweet dreams The whole day through Dream baby, got me dreamin' sweet dreams Night time too  I love you and I'm dreamin' of you That won't do Dream baby, make me stop my dreamin' You can make my dreams come true  Sweet dream baby Sweet dream baby Sweet dream baby How long must I dream?  Dream baby, got me dreamin' sweet dreams The whole day through Dream baby, got me dreamin' sweet dreams Night time too  I love you and I'm dreamin' of you That won't do Dream baby make me stop my dreamin' You can make my dreams come true  Sweet dream baby Sweet dream baby Sweet dream baby How long must I dream?  Sweet dream baby Sweet dream baby Sweet dream baby 
maybelline-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Maybelline why can't you be true oh Maybelline why can't you be true You've started back doin' the things you used to do  As I was motivatin' over the hill I saw Maybelline in a Coupe de Ville Cadillac rollin' on an open road but nothin' outrun my V8 Ford Cadillac doin' about ninety-five bumper to bumper rollin' side to side Maybelline why can't you be true...  Well the Cadillac pulled up ahead of the Ford The Ford got hot and wouldn't do no more It done got cloudy and started to rain I tooted my horn for the passin' lane The rain water poured up under my motor hood I knew that were doin' my motor good Maybelline why can't you be true...  Well the motor cooled down the heat went down and And that's when I heard that highway sound Cadillac lookin' like a ton of lead a hundred and ten a half a mile ahead Cadillac lookin' like it's sittin' still I caught Maybelline at the top of the hill Maybelline why can't you be true... Oh Maybelline Maybelline Maybelline Maybelline... 
jailhouse rock-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]The warden threw a party in the county jail The prison band was there and they began to wail The joint was jumpin' and the band began to swing You should've heard those knocked out jailbirds sing  [Chorus] Let's rock, everybody, let's rock Everybody on the whole cell block Was dancin' to the Jailhouse Rock  Spider Murphy played the tenor saxophone Little Joe was blowin' on the slide trombone The drummer boy from Illinois went crash, boom, bang The whole rhythm section was the Purple Gang  [Chorus]  Number forty-seven said to number three "You're the cutest jailbird I ever did see I sure would be delighted with your company Come on and do the Jailhouse Rock with me"  [Chorus]  The sad sack was a sittin' on a block of stone Way over in the corner weepin' all alone The warden said, "Hey, buddy, don't you be no square If you can't find a partner use a wooden chair"  [Chorus]  Shifty Henry said to Bugs, "For Heaven's sake No one's lookin', now's our chance to make a break" Bugsy turned to Shifty and he said, "Nix nix I wanna stick around a while and get my kicks"  [Chorus] 
who will the next fool be-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Woman, when you get rid of me Who will the next fool be? I know, I know, I know, I know There's things I gotta know 'bout the woman I love And after all is said and done Girl, you wouldn't be satisfied with anyone So when you get rid of me Who will the next fool be? Will he believe all those lies? End up like me, with tears in his eyes? I know, I know, I know, I know There's things I gotta know 'bout the woman I love so After all is said and done Hey, girl, you wouldn't be satisfied with anyone So when you get through playin' with me Who will the next fool be? Will he believe all those lies? End up like me, with tears in his eyes? I know, I know, I know, I know There's things I gotta know 'bout the woman I love so You know, after all is said and done Girl, you wouldn't be satisfied with anyone When you get rid of me Who will the next fool be? 
hey baby-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Hey, hey hey baby! I want to know if you'll be my girl Hey, hey hey baby! I want to know if you'll be my girl When I saw you walking down the street I said that's a kind of girl I'd like to meet She's so pretty, Lord she's fine I'm gonna make her mine, all mine  Hey, hey hey baby! I want to know if you'll be my girl When you turned and walked away Thats when I want to say C'mon baby, give me a whirl I want to know if you'll be my girl  Hey, hey hey baby! I want to know if you'll be my girl When you turned and walked away Thats when I want to say C'mon baby, give me a whirl I want to know if you'll be my girl  Hey, hey hey baby! I want to know if you'll be my girl Hey, hey hey hey hey, baby C'mon, baby now 
middle age crazy-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Today he traded his big 98 Oldsmobile He got a heck of a deal On a new Porsche car He ain't wearing his usual grey business suit He's got jeans and high boots With an embroidered star An today he's forty years old going on twenty Don't look for the grey in his hair 'Cause he ain't got any He's got a young thing beside him That just melts in his hand He's middle aged crazy Trying to prove he still can He's gotta a woman he's loved for a long long time at home  Ah but the thrill is all gone When they cut down the lights They've got a business that they spent a while coming by Been a long uphill climb But now the profits are high But today he's forty years old going on twenty And he hears of sordid affairs and he ain't had any And the young thing beside him You know she understands That he's middle aged crazy Trying to prove he still can 
i hate goodbyes-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Softly close that old door behind you Honey how it hurts to see you go Gently break the tie that binds you This ol' heart my God woman it loved you so  If you're sure honey you won't be staying Then just walk on out of my life You know there's just two words that's left for saying And the Lord knows how I hate goodbyes  Nothing's born (nothing's born) To live forever (to live forever) But oh how it hurts to see it die First it's always then it's never And the Lord knows how I hate goodbyes  Nothing's born (nothing's born) To live forever (to live forever) But oh how it hurts to see it die First it's always then it's never And the Lord knows how I hate goodbyes 
gotta travel on-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]I've laid around and played around this old town too long Summer's almost gone yes winter's comin' on I've laid around and played around this old town too long And I feel like I've gotta travel on  Papa writes to Johnny but Johnny can't come home Johnny can't come home no Johnny can't come home Papa writes to Johnny but Johnny can't come home 'Cause he's been on this chain gang too long  I've laid around and played around this old town too long Summer's almost gone yes winter's comin' on I've laid around and played around this old town too long And I feel like I've gotta travel on  High sheriff and police ridin' after me Ridin' after me yes they're comin' after me High sheriff and police ridin' after me And I feel like I've gotta travel on  Want to see my honey want to see her bad Want to see her bad oh want to see her bad Want to see my honey want to see her bad She's the best gal this poor boy ever had  I've laid around and played around this old town too long Summer's almost gone yes winter's comin' on I've laid around and played around this old town too long And I feel like I've gotta travel on And I feel like I've gotta travel on 
sticks and stones-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]People talkin' tryin' to break us up why won't they let me be Sticks and stones may break my bones but words don't bother me I've been abused in my heart I've been abused I've been abused in my heart People talkin' tryin' to break us up they know I love you so I don't care what the people may say I'll never never let you go I've been abused in my heart I've been abused yeah I've been abused in my heart  Oh people talkin' tryin' to break us up scandlizin' my name Say anything to make me feel bad yes anything to make me shame I've been abused in my heart I've been abused yeah I've been abused in my heart I've been abused I've been abused I said I've been abused Honey you make me feel bad and you make me feel so bad But I'm gonna love you bay in the middle of the night make you feel alright Just stick with ol' Jerry Lee baby you know what I mean Honey you know I won't treat you wrong brrr oh yeah brrrr come on baby 
goodnight irene-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Last Saturday night, I got married Me and my wife settled down Now me and my wife have parted I'm going to take another stroll down town Irene, goodnight Goodnight, Irene, goodnight Goodnight Irene Goodnight Irene I'll see you in my dreams Sometimes, I live in the country Sometimes, I live in town Sometimes, I take a promotion But I'll jump in the river and drown Irene, goodnight Irene, goodnight Goodnight Irene Goodnight Irene I'll see you in my dreams 
just a little bit-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]I don't want much Just want a little bit Don't want it all Just a little bit Give me an eeny weeny bit A teeny weeny bit of your love Turn your lamps down low Slip me a kiss Turn your lights down low I won't let you resist I want an eeny weeny bit A teeny weeny bit of your love Early in the mornin' Well just a little bit Around midnight Just a little bit I want an eeny weeny bit A teeny weeny bit of your love Walk with me Just a little bit I said talk to me Just a little bit I want an eeny weeny bit A teeny weeny bit of your love I want you to remember To say that you'll be mine Say you'll never leave me Till the end of time I want an eeny weeny bit A teeny weeny bit of your love I want an eeny weeny bit A teeny weeny bit of your love 
out of my mind-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]I'm sitting here drinking thinking of you Wondering where you are and the love we once knew This old town ain't much for a man all alone But it's better than nothing when I want to get stoned  Out of my mind When I leave this old bar I don't know where I'm going Because of the bottle there's no way of knowing That I'm out of my mind  It all goes back to the good times we had The glad times and sad times oh they were both good and bad But honey if you'll ever need me well I'll be around Yeah right on that old corner in that same old bar downtown  Out of my mind When I leave this old bar I don't know where I'm going Because of the bottle there's no way of knowing That I'm out of my mind 
in loving memories-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]I stand here so solemn with a blank look on my face As you lay there dressed in white lace With my head bowed ow Lord the tears are streaming down I can hear that old preacher man say  In loving memories we gather In loving memories on this sad day In loving memories forever Until we meet beyond the shining river  Pretty flowers I'll plant around you And a white fence will surround you And on your marker words of love I'll inscribe And though in death we're apart You know you'll always be in my heart And it won't be long till I'll be by your side  In loving memories we gather In loving memories on this sad day In loving memories forever Until we meet beyond the shining river 
before the next teardrop falls-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]If he brings you happiness Then I wish you both the best It's your happiness that matters most of all  But if he ever breaks your heart If the teardrops ever start I'll be there before the next teardrop falls  Though it hurts to let you go Darling I want you to know That I'll stand by you if ever you should call  And if I should ever hear That he made you she'd a tear I'll be there before the next teardrop falls  I'll be there anytime You need me by your side To dry away every teardrop that you cried  If he ever leaves you blue Just remember I love you I'll be there before the next teardrop falls Yes, I'll be there before the next teardrop falls 
walk right in-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Walk right in sit right down daddy let your mind roll on Walk right in sit right down daddy let your mind roll on Everybody's talking bout a new way of walking do you wanna lose your mind Walk right in sit right down daddy let your mind roll on Walk right in sit right down baby let your hair hang down Walk right in sit right down baby let your hair hang down Everybody's talking bout a new way of walking do you wanna lose your mind Walk right in and sit right down baby let your hair hang down  Well walk right in sit right down... 
king of the road-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Trailer for sale or rent rooms to let fifty cents No phone no pool no pets I ain't got no cigarettes Ah but two hours of pushing broom buys a eight by twelve four bit room I'm a man of means by no means king of the road  Third bocxcar midnight train destination Bangor Maine Old worn out suit and shoes I don't pay no union dues  I smoke old stogies I have found short but not too big around I'm a man of means by no means king of the road I know every engineer on every train all of the children and all of their names Every handout in every town And every lock that ain't locked when no one's around I sing trailer for sale or rent... 
i'm on fire-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Well, help me, mister fireman, please, You know I'm burnin' from my head to my knees I'm a-flame with such a burning desire The little girl set my soul on fire She's got me burning up like a paper cup… ...I say: "mmmh... I'm on fire!!?"  Turn in full alarm I'm a-flame from all of her charms Oh, little firebug, can't you see Can't you see what you're doin' to me? She's got me burning up like a paper cup… ...I say: "mmmh... I'm on fire!!?"  And when my babe kisses me I start shakin' like a ship on a stormy sea And when I hear her say I'm gonna love you every minute of the day I start to roast like toast... ooh, wee!! 
listen, they're playing my song-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Down the street a baby just cried When he woke up all alone A train's leaving town oh that lonesome sound Is chilling me right to the bone  A song is playing I can barely hear about a love that's gone wrong The freezing rain on my window pane Listen they're playing my song  Taps being played by a soldier's grave So sad it torments your soul Listen to that old cold north wind blow Tonight it's dark and cold  Somewhere a siren cuts through the night It sounds like the whole world's gone wrong Thunder just warned oh it's coming a storm Listen they're playing my song Listen they're playing my song 
haunted house-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]I just moved in my new house today Moving was hot but I got squared away Bells started ringing and chains rattled loud I knew I'd moved in a haunted house  Still I made up in my mind to stay Nothing was a gonna drive me away When I seen something that gave me the creep Had a one big eye and two big feet  I stood right still and I did the freeze And he did the stroll right up to me Made a sound with his feet like a drum Saying, "You'll be here when the morning comes"  Say, "Yes,I'll be here when the morning comes I'll be right here and I ain't gonna run I bought this house, now you know I'm boss Ain't no haunt gonna run me off"  In the kitchen, my stove wad a blazing hot The coffee was a boiling in the pot The grease had melted in my pan I had a hunk of meet in my hand  From out of space,there sat a man On a hot stove was pots and pans Say, that's hot, I began to shout He drank a hot coffee from the spout  He ate the raw meat right from my hand Drank the hot grease from the frying pan He said to me, "Now you better run And don't be here when the morning comes"  Say, "Yes, I'll be here when the morning comes I'll be right here and I ain't gonna run I bought this house, now you know I'm boss Ain't no haunt gonna run me off" 
sea cruise-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Old man rhythm is in my shoes No use t'sittin' and a'singin' the blues So be my guest, you got nothin' to lose Won't ya let me take you on a sea cruise?  Oo-ee, oo-ee baby Oo-ee, oo-ee baby Oo-ee, oo-ee baby Won't ya let me take you on a sea cruise?  Feel like jumpin' baby won't ya join me please I don't like beggin' but I'm on bended knee  I got to get t'rockin get my hat off the rack I got to boogie woogie like a knife in the back So be my guest, you got nothin' to lose Won't ya let me take you on a sea cruise?  Oo-ee, oo-ee baby Oo-ee, oo-ee baby Oo-ee, oo-ee baby Won't ya let me take you on a sea cruise?  I got to get t'movin' baby I ain't lyin' My heart is beatin' rhythm and it's right on time So be my guest, you got nothin' to lose Won't ya let me take you on a sea cruise?  Oo-ee, oo-ee baby Oo-ee, oo-ee baby Oo-ee, oo-ee baby Won't ya let me take you on a sea cruise?  Feel like jumpin' baby won't ya join me please I don't like beggin' but I'm on bended knee  Oo-ee, oo-ee baby Oo-ee, oo-ee baby Oo-ee, oo-ee baby Won't ya let me take you on a sea cruise? 
mother the queen of my heart-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]I had a home out in Texas out where the Bluebonnet grew I had the kindest mother how happy we were just we two Till one day the angels called her it's the debt that we all have to pay She'd call me close to her bedside these last few words she did say Now son don't start drinking or gambling promise you'll always go straight Ten years have passed since that parting that promise I've broke I must say I started drinking for past time at last Lord I was just like them all I bet my clothes and my money never dreaming that I'd ever fall One night I've bet all my money nothing was left to be seen All that I needed to break them was one card and that was a Queen Cards were delt all round the table each man took a card from the draw But I drew the one that would beat them I turned it here's what I saw I saw mama's picture somehow she seemed to say Son you have broken your promise I tossed those cards away My winnings I gave to a newsboy cause I knew I was wrong from the start And I'll never forget that promise to mother the Queen of my heart 
night train to memphis-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Take that night train to Memphis Take that night train to Memphis  And when you arrive at the station I'll be right there to greet you I'll be there to meet you Won't you take my invitation  Hallelujah, oh Hallelujah I'll be singin' Hallelujah all the way We'll have a jubilee down in Memphis, Tennessee You'll be singin' Hallelujah all the way  Oh Hallelujah, Hallelujah We'll be singin' Hallelujah all the way Oh, we'll have a jubilee in Memphis, Tennessee We'll be singin' Hallelujah all the way  Oh Hallelujah, yeah Hallelujah We'll be singin' Hallelujah all the way We'll have a jubilee down in Memphis, Tennessee We'll be singin' Hallelujah all the way We'll be singin' Hallelujah all the way We'll be singin' Hallelujah all the way 
sweet thang-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Well I slipped out of the house about sundown While mama was a washin' her hair And you can bet your bottom dollar she'll come lookin' for me When she finds that I'm not there And if she catches her sweet thang runnin' around I know there'll be the devil to pay She'll come blowin' like a cyclone right through that door And I can hear exactly what she'll say  Well has anybody here see my sweet thang? I got a notion he'll be headed this a way Cause when my sweet thang is out tomocattin' around He finds a sandbox like this to play I wanna tell all you barroom roses If my sweet thang does have a bite You'd better take my advice and if you'll blink more than twice You'd better have somethin' in your eyes  Well I gave my baby all my money on payday Except a little she don't know that I've got Cause there's a cute little waitress at the corner cafe She seems to like me quite a lot While we were sittin' in the back booth a havin' a talk She believed in every thing I said When the door blew open and mamma walked in Shoutin' loud enough to wake the dead  Well has anybody here see my sweet thang? I got a notion he'll be headed this a way Cause when my sweet thang is out tomocattin' around He finds a sandbox like this to play I wanna tell all you barroom roses That if my sweet thang does have a bite You'd better take my advice and if you'll blink more than twice You'd better have somethin' in your eyes You'd better take my advice and if you'll blink more than twice You'd better have somethin' in your eyes 
lonely weekends-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Well I'm makin' alright from Monday morning to Friday night Oh those lonely weekends Since you left me I'm as lonely as I can be oh those lonely weekends Said you'd be (said you'd be) so good to Jerry Lee (good to me) You said our love (said our love) would never die (never die) You said you'd be (said you'd be) so good to me (good to me) But baby you didn't even try Well I'm makin' alright (well I'm makin' alright) from Monday morning to Friday night But oh those lonely weekends yeah  You said you'd be (said you should be)... I said oh those lonely weekends I said oh those lonely weekends 
pen and paper-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP](Pen and paper won't you tell me what to write)  Pen, paper can't you tell me what to write I don't know I can't think I'd been here half a night I don't want to hurt her but I love somebody new Pen, paper help me tell her we're through  Shall I say, dear used to be forget me Shall I say dear broken heart we'll have to part When she reads about my new love will she cry Pen (pen) paper (paper) is that a way to say goodbye  Now I've just wrong another hour on the floor I'll start again yes I trouble write some more Shall I find sincerely yours Pen (pen) paper (paper)  paper, I came 
lincoln limousine-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Well they shot him in the back seat of a Lincoln limousine Was a great, great leader by the name of Kennedy He fought for right and freedom, tried to keep this nation clean But they shot him in the backseat of a Lincoln limousine  And he had ten million dollars, had the world right in his hand But a twenty dollar rifle cut the life of this great man He had a lovely wife and two children seldom seen But they shot him in the backseat of a Lincoln limousine  Well they shot him out in Texas where the longhorn cattle roam Oh Lord it would have been better if he had stayed at home This nation is a great place but one fact still remains That they shot a president in the backseat of a limousine  Well they shot him in the back seat of a Lincoln limousine Was a great, great leader by the name of Kennedy He fought for right and freedom tried to keep this nation clean But they shot him in the backseat of a Lincoln limousine  And this man he did not die on a far and distant shore He died at Dallas Texas a place not known for war This country is supposed to be the land of the brave and free But they shot him in the backseat of a Lincoln limousine  And the moral of the story that it really has no end It goes to show you never know who's your enemy or your friend  Well they shot him in the back seat of a Lincoln limousine Was a great, great leader by the name of Kennedy He fought for right and freedom tried to keep this nation clean But they shot him in the backseat of that Lincoln limousine 
breathless-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]If you love me please don't tease if I can hold then let me squeeze My heart goes round and round my love comes a tumblin' down You leave me aaah breathless ah Oh I shake all over honey you know why I am sure love honey it ain't no no lie Cause when you call my name you know honey I burn like a wooden flame You leave me ooh breathless ah ooh baby ooh crazy Honey you're much too much you know I can't love you enough Well it's alright to hold me tight but when you love me love me right Oh come on baby now don't be shy this love was meant for you and I Wind rain sleet or snow I'm gonna get you baby wherever you go You have leave me aaah breathless ah  Well ooh baby brrr crazy your much to much I can't love you enough Well it's alright to hold me tight but when you love me love me right Ah come on baby now don't be shy this love was meant for you and I Wind rain sleet or snow honey Jerry's gonna get you wherever you go You leave me aaah breathless ah 
roll over beethoven-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Well I'm a write a little letter gonna mail it to my local DJ Yes it's a jumpin' little record I want my jockey to play Roll over Beethoven I gotta hear it again today  You know my temperature's risin' and a jukebox blowin' a fuse My heart's a beatin' rhythm and my soul keeps a singin' the blues Roll over Beethoven and tell Tchaikovsky the news  I got the rockin' pneumonia I need a shot of rhythm and blues I caught the rockin' arthritis sittin' down at a rhythm review Roll over Beethoven they're rockin' in two by two  Well if you feel you like it go get your lover then reel and rock it With one another then move on up just a trifle further Move and groove with one another Roll over Beethoven dig these rhythm and blues yeah yeah  Yeah it's early in the morning and I'm giving you my warning Don't you step on my blue suede shoes Hey diddle diddle I'm a playin' my fiddle and I ain't got nothin' to lose Roll over Beethoven and tell Tchaikovsky the news  You know she wiggles like a glow worm dance like a spinnin' top She got a crazy little partner you oughta see 'em reel and rock Long as she's got a dime the music won't ever stop Roll over Beethoven roll over Beethoven roll over Beethoven... 
i'm still jealous of you-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]I'm so afraid that somebody else Is gonna find his way into your heart There's always a chance a stranger might find Some way to pull us apart Darlin' you give me no reason to worry my mind 'Cause you've never once been untrue It's just that I've loved you for such a long time I'm still jealous of you  You're a good lookin' woman who could tempt any man And that's why I feel like I do Sometimes ol' Jerry's feelings they get a little out of hand 'Cause I'm still jealous of you  I live with the fear that I'll wake up some day And I won't be the first in your heart You know darlin' nothin' hurts worse than the memories you save After a love falls apart (Think about it) So darlin' please don't blame me for keeping what's mine And guarding our precious love like I do It's just that I've loved you for such a long time I'm still jealous of you Honey I'm still jealous of you (Better believe I am baby) 
sweet dreams-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Sweet, sweet dreams of you Every night I go through Why can't, why can't I forget you and start my life a new Instead of having sweet dreams about you  Oh you, you don't love me, it's plain I should have known I'll never share your name Yes I, I should hate you the whole night through But I keep having sweet dreams about you  Oh I know, I know I should hate you, I should hate you the whole night through Instead of having sweet dreams about you Instead of having sweet dreams about you 
ramblin' rose-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]Everyone knows she's a ramblin' rose She's a beauty growin' wild! Birds in their nest seem to whistle their best For mother nature's favourite child!  She's got the kind of affection That just winds around your heart! You better run for protection Or she might upset your flower cart!  I hate to disclose that ma ramblin' rose Is gonna meet her Waterloo! I let her play but she can't get away 'Cause I know just what to do!  Anyone knows you can train a rose To be a clingin' vine! So, from this day hence, there'll be a picket fence 'Round that ramblin' rose of mine!  Now, everyone knows she's a ramblin' rose She's a beauty growin' wild! Birds in their nest seem to whistle their best For mamma nature's favorite child!  She's got the kind of affection That just winds around your heart! You'd better run for protection Or she might upset your flower cart!  I hate to disclose that ma ramblin' rose Is gonna meet her Waterloo! I let her play but she can't get away 'Cause I know just what to do!  Anyone knows you can train a rose To be a clingin' vine! So, from this day hence, there'll be a picket fence 'Round that ramblin' rose of mine! 
when baby gets the blues-Jerry Lee Lewis[SEP]For months she's a perfect wife and a mother You'd never dream that things could go so wrong But like a cloud across the skies I see the sadness fill her eyes Then one day I'll come in and she'll be gone  When baby gets the blues my world turns over While she's out somewhere with her bright lights and her booze Until the day she comes back home ashamed and sober My world stops turning when baby gets the blues  As long as she has me I know I'll keep forgiving Though I'm afraid of how much I'll someday lose I just can't tell you what a happy world that I live in In between the times that my baby gets them ol' blues  When baby gets the blues my world turns over While she's out somewhere with her bright lights and her booze Until the day she comes back home ashamed and sober My world turns over when baby gets the blues My world turns over when baby gets the blues 
the loco-motion-Grand Funk Railroad[SEP]Everybody's doin' a brand new dance now (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) I know you'll get to like it if you give it a chance now (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) My little baby sister can do it with ease It's easier than learnin' your ABCs So, come on, come on, and do the Loco-Motion with me  You've got to swing your hips now Come on Jump up Jump back Oh well, I think you've got the knack  Woah, woah Now that you can do it, well let's make a chain now (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) A chuga-chuga motion like a railroad train, now (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) Do it nice and easy now, and don't lose control A little bit of rhythm and a lot of soul So, come on, come on, and do the Loco-Motion with me  Woah, woah Move around the floor in a loco-motion (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) Do it holdin' hands if'n you get the notion (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) There's never been a dance that's so easy to do It even makes you happy when you're feelin' blue So, come on, come on, and do the Loco-Motion with me (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) So, come on, come on, and do the Loco-Motion with me (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) So, come on, come on, and do the Loco-Motion with me (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) (Come on baby, do the Loco-Motion) 
love story-Taylor Swift[SEP]We were both young when I first saw you. I close my eyes and the flashback starts: I'm standing there On a balcony in summer air.  See the lights, see the party, the ball gowns, See you make your way through the crowd, And say, "Hello." Little did I know...  That you were Romeo, you were throwing pebbles And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet." And I was crying on the staircase Begging you, "Please don't go." And I said,  "Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting. All there's left to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess. It's a love story. Baby, just say 'Yes'."  So, I sneak out to the garden to see you. We keep quiet 'cause we're dead if they knew. So, close your eyes, Escape this town for a little while. Oh, oh.  'Cause you were Romeo. I was a scarlet letter. And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet." But you were everything to me. I was begging you, "Please don't go!" And I said,  "Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting. All there's left to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess. It's a love story. Baby, just say 'Yes'.  Romeo, save me. They're trying to tell me how to feel. This love is difficult but it's real. Don't be afraid. We'll make it out of this mess. It's a love story. Baby, just say 'Yes'."  Oh, oh, oh.  I got tired of waiting, Wondering if you were ever coming around. My faith in you was fading, When I met you on the outskirts of town. And I said,  "Romeo, save me. I've been feeling so alone. I keep waiting for you, but you never come. Is this in my head? I don't know what to think." He knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring and said,  "Marry me, Juliet. You'll never have to be alone I love you, and that's all I really know. I talked to your dad. Go pick out a white dress. It's a love story. Baby, just say 'Yes'."  Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.  'Cause we were both young when I first saw you. 
what becomes of the brokenhearted-Jimmy Ruffin[SEP]As I walk this land of broken dreams I have visions of many things But happiness is just an illusion Filled with sadness and confusion  What becomes of the broken hearted Who had love that's now departed I know I've got to find Some kind of peace of mind Maybe  The roots of love grow all around But for me they come a tumblin' down Every day heartaches grow a little stronger I can't stand this pain much longer  I walk in shadows searching for light Cold and alone, no comfort in sight Hoping and praying for someone to care Always moving and going nowhere  What becomes of the broken hearted Who had love that's now departed I know I've got to find Some kind of peace of mind Help me  I'm searching though I don't succeed But someone look, there's a growing need All is lost, there's no place for beginning All that's left is an unhappy ending  Now what becomes of the broken hearted Who had love that's now departed I know I've got to find Some kind of peace of mind  I'll be searching everywhere Just to find someone to care I'll be looking everyday I know I'm gonna find a way Nothing's gonna stop me now I'll find a way somehow I'll be searching everywhere... 
route 66-Chuck Berry[SEP]Well, if you ever plan to motor west Jack, take my way, it's the highway, that's the best Get your kicks on Route 66  Well, it winds from Chicago to L.A. More than two-thousand miles all the way Get your kicks on Route 66  Well, it goes through St. Louis Joplin, Missouri Oklahoma City looks oh-so pretty  You'll see Amarillo, a-Gallup, New Mexico Flagstaff, Arizona, don't forget Winona Kingman, Barstow, San Bernardino  Would you get hip to this kindly tip And take that California trip? Get your kicks on Route 66  It goes through St. Louis A-Joplin, Missouri A-Oklahoma City looks oh-so pretty  You'll see Amarillo, a-Gallup, New Mexico Flagstaff, Arizona, don't forget Winona Kingman, Barstow, San Bernardino  Would you get hip to this kindly tip Take that California trip? Get your kicks on Route 66 Get your kicks on Route 66 And I'll meet you On Route 62 Get your kicks on Route 66 
you can't catch me(2004 reissue bonus track)-Chuck Berry[SEP]I bought a brand new airmobile It was custom made It was a Flight DeVille With a powerful motor And some hideaway wings Push in on the button and you will hear her sing Now you can't catch me Baby, you can't catch me 'Cause if you get too close You know I'm gone like a cool breeze  New Jersey Turnpike in the wee wee hours I was rolling slowly 'cause of drizzlin' showers Here come a flattop, he was movin' up with me Then come wavin' goodbye In a little, old suped-up mini I put my foot in my tank and I begin to roll Moanin' sirens, 'twas the state patrol So I let out my wings and then I blew my horn Bye-bye New Jersey I become airborne  Now you can't catch me Baby you can't catch me 'Cause if you get too close You know I'm gone like a cool breeze  Flyin' with my baby last Saturday night Wasn't a gray cloud floatin' in sight Big full moon shinin' up above Cuddle up honey, be my love Sweetest little thing I ever seen I'm gonna name you Mabelline Flyin' on the beam set on flight control Radio tuned to rock 'n' roll Two, three hours a-passed us by Altitude dropped to 505 Fuel consumption way too fast Let's get on home before we run out of gas  Now you can't catch me No baby, you can't catch me 'Cause if you get too close You know I'm gone like a cool breeze 
fish and chips-Chuck Berry[SEP]Fish and chips A little coke and you, oh, babe Honey drips Two more to go, oh, babe Let's go on back The trip will be groovy, oh, babe Jump in the sack Flip your mood, oh, babe Come to me I really do love you, oh, babe Honey, honey Honey dripper too, oh, babe Loved you before I loved you a long, long time, my love Loving you more Then I got to have more of Fish and chips 
away from you-Chuck Berry[SEP]Well, I wish, I could be home with you To watch the coming of the spring I wish, I could be home with you To watch the coming of the spring When the flowers fill the road side And the birds begin to sing  I know the trees are burning The sun is shining everyday I know the trees are burning And the sun is shining everyday I wish to tell you how much I miss you Since the day you went away  Before the sunrise tomorrow You know I'd be there if I could Before the sunrise tomorrow You know I'd be there if I could Things didn't go like I wanted them But I guess they went the way they should 
havana moon-Chuck Berry[SEP]Havana moon, Havana moon Me all alone with jug of rum Me stand and wait for boat to come Is long de night, is quiet de dark De boat she late, it's twelve o'clock Me watch de tide easing in Is low de moon but high de wind Havana moon, Havana moon  Me all alone, me open de rum Is long de wait for boat to come American girl come back to me We'll sail away across de sea We'll dock in New York De building's high We find a home in de sky Havana moon, Havana moon  Me still alone, me sip de rum Me wonder when de boat she come To bring me love, oh sweet little thing She rock 'n' roll, she dance and sing She hold me tight, she touch me lips Me eyes they close, me heart she flip Havana moon, Havana moon  But still alone me drinking de rum Begin to think de boat no come American girl she tell a lie She say "Till then," she mean "Goodbye" Havana moon, Havana moon  Me lay down alone, was good de rum Me fall asleep, de boat she come De girl she look till come de dawn She weep and cry, return for home De whistle blow, me open me eyes Was bright de sun, was blue de sky Me grab me shoes, me jump and run Me see de boat head for horizon Havana moon, is gone de rum  De boat she sail, my love she gone Havana moon, Havana moon Havana moon, Havana moon 
brown eyed handsome man-Chuck Berry[SEP]A-a-arrested on charges of unemployment He was sitting in the witness stand The judges wife called up the district attorney She said, "Free that brown-eyed man. If you want your job, you better free that brown-eyed man."  Flying across the desert in a TWA, I saw a woman walkin' 'cross the sand. She'd been walking thirty miles en route to Bombay To meet a brown-eyed handsome man, Her destination was a brown-eyed handsome man.  Way back in history, three thousand years, In fact ever since the world began, There's been a whole lotta good women shedding tears All for a  brown-eyed handsome man, (It)'sa lot of trouble with a brown-eyed handsome man.  Beautiful daughter couldn't make up her mind Between a doctor and a lawyer man. Her mother told her, "Darling go out and find yourself A brown-eyed handsome man, Just like your daddy He's a brown-eyed handsome man."  Marlo Venus was a beautiful lass, She had the world in the palm of her hand She lost both her arms in a wrestling match To meet  a brown-eyed handsome man, She fought and won herself a brown-eyed handsome man.  2-3 the count with nobody on He hit a high fly into the stands Roundin' third, he was headed for home It was a brown-eyed handsome man that won the game It was a brown-eyed handsome man. 
ma' dear ma' dear-Chuck Berry[SEP]Ma' dear, ma' dear, she told me one day That I'd meet my true love and take her away She said I'd be happy and to be good and true I'd never be lonely, broken hearted or blue  Ma' dear, ma' dear, just like you said I met my true love one and we are to wed Ma' dear, she's an angel and I'm goin' to be true Or else I may lose her, I don't want to lose her to somebody new  Ma' dear, ma' dear, I was not untrue I tried hard to please her, but she's gone and I'm blue Ma' dear, I'm so lonesome, broken hearted, too Ma' dear, ma' dear, oh, ma' dear, what must I do? 
hello little girl, goodbye-Chuck Berry[SEP]Hello, little girl, I got a little talk for you About something you led me to believe you'd do But I know now you had no intentions to  It has come to me that we been together too long I been holding out, I believe I'll be gone 'Cause I don't have to hang around while you do me wrong  Your heart's full of rock and you reel like a rolling stone You don't really need me, you'd do better on your own So go find somebody else and leave me alone  I'm leaving you now although I love you still I loved you then and I guess I always will So, goodbye, little girl, I'm gone this time for real  Your heart's full of rock and you reel like a rolling stone You don't really need me, you'd do better on your own So go find somebody else and leave me alone  Honey, I'm leaving you although I love you still You I loved you then and I guess I always will So, goodbye, little girl, I'm gone this time for real  Bye. bye, little girl, bye, bye, little girl Bye. bye, little girl, bye, bye, little girl Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, little girl 
dutchman-Chuck Berry[SEP]A bunch of guys was in this bar room Most of them had been there half the day They'd been telling jokes and fairy tales lying Just to pass the time away Then suddenly someone cracked the bar room door And then pushed it open wide And this huge tall dark dude Bowed his head and stepped inside I wonder where he's from? Some blonde asked The wind must have blown him in But an old Dutchman offered him a drink What will it be, whisky, rum or gin? Sick him Fido, a redhead shouted Show him his way back to the street But the Great Dane just walked over and licked his hand And lay down at his feet He said if you spare me that drink, Dutchman I promise I'll tell you how That I came to be the helpless sight That stands before you now I used to be an artist Not one who sits and fiddle out on the curb But in my day and time My music was considered superb I wrote a song about a poor kid Raised down in New Orleans It didn't make the hall of fame But it bought us shrimp, rice and beans He kept at it until it made the big time, Playing town after town Until he met a woman he fell in love with And it really turned his life around She had eyes like Cleopatra And a head of luxurious hair With the brilliance of her beauty None other could compare When she lifted her eyes to his Her lips would fall apart Each time she allowed him kiss her It near petrified his heart But when he ask her would she marry him He'd give her everything he had She turned and walked away And it nearly drove him mad He promised her a half a million And would even pay in advance If she would let him prove himself Or at least give him a chance And if he should go blind And had to use his hands to feel He would hire someone to do her work And prepare her every meal How could a man love a woman so much? Not one of you would think! Well, I did and I still do Hey Dutchman, you promised me a drink! 
bye bye johnny-Chuck Berry[SEP]She drew out all her money out of the Southern Trust And put her little boy aboard a Greyhound bus Leaving Louisiana for the Golden West Down came the tears from her happiness Her own little son name 'o Johnny B. Goode Was gonna make some motion pictures out in Hollywood  Bye, bye, bye, bye Bye, bye, bye, bye Bye bye Johnny Good bye Johnny B. Goode  She remembered taking money out from gathering crop And buying Johnny's guitar at a broker shop As long as he would play it by the railroad side And wouldn't get in trouble he was satisfied But never thought that there would come a day like this When she would have to give her son a goodbye kiss  Going, bye, bye, bye, bye Bye, bye, bye, bye Bye bye Johnny Bye bye Johnny B. Goode  She finally got the letter she was dreaming of Johnny wrote and told 'er he had fell in love As soon as he was married he would bring her back And build a mansion for 'em by the railroad track So every time they heard the locomotive roar They'd be a' standin', a' wavin' in the kitchen door  Howling, bye, bye, bye, bye Bye, bye, bye, bye Bye bye Johnny Good bye Johnny B. Goode 
tell you about my buddy-Chuck Berry[SEP]I'm goin' tell you about my buddy But I'm not goin' reveal his name 'Cause it's his life to live and he's livin' it Claim it to fame or a game of shame  To each his own let nim live it But there are those who may not agree But I goin' tell you about my buddy Ev'ry thing like he told it to me  A woman's the most peculiar creature And so few has missed his hand And out of all the ones that he's been with You know, not one wouldn't take him again  Before you really know a sensuous woman You have to be with her when she's alone She could say no and then want you to leave her And call you right back home after you're gone  You never can tell until after you've tried her And then you might still be way off the track Because it's the red and the white and the yellow Has exactly what's packed in the black  One was a co-ed from Pennsylvania One from Toronto who dug him the most One was a rich widow in Houston And one was a freak from the western coast  One was a teacher out of Chicago And one had plans to become a nun And one was the last one I thought he'd cling to But she was tahe one who gave him a son  So people, I'll tell you 'bout my buddy And like I say, I just can't reveal his name It's his life and he's gonna live it Claim it to fame or game or shame  Claim it fame or game or shame Just a game or fame or shame Fame or game or shame Fame or game or shame Fame or game or shame Claim it fame or game or shame 
my woman-Chuck Berry[SEP]Last night as I lay me down in bed Over and over I heard the last words my woman said Take me with you, I'm so lonesome But I choose to leave instead  Yesterday, she came to me and held my hand Said she was blue and oh so lonesome And would I try to understand I didn't know till this morning How much my woman means to me  This morning when I got home, she was not there I noticed her clothes were gone And a little note lay on my shelf Said as you read this, I love you still But I'll be gone, I don't know where  Today I got the blues and I got 'em bad Last night as I lay sleeping My conscious will not go to rest Yesterday I lost the best woman I ever had  One of these days, can't say where and I don't know when It may be in time, it may be soon It may be in a place I've never been But I'm gonna find that fine woman And together with her again 
baby what you want me to do-Chuck Berry[SEP]You got me cryin', you got me lyin' You got me cryin', lyin', anyway you want And I'll roll, yeah, yeah, yeah You got me doin' what you want me, any way you want me to go?  You see me up, you see me down You see me up, down, down, up, anyway you want And I'll roll, yeah, yeah, yeah You got me doin' what you want me, any way you want me to go?  You keep me reelin', you keep me rockin' You keep me reelin', rockin', anyway you want And I'll go, yeah, yeah, yeah You got me doin' what you want me, any way you want me to go? 
california-Chuck Berry[SEP]California, California Much has been told me about your beautiful sunshine Mountains and snow tops, valleys and rich crops California, home so far from mine  San Francisco, Sacramento Will I ever go to Los Angeles or San Diego? To Reading or Fresno Needles or Borstow, California I have so far to go  Someday I will be in California And go to places movie stars have been Hollywood and trolley cars and oranges And see the palm trees bending in the wind  California, California Soon I'll be with you watching your sunset in the evening Movies and show plays, beaches and free ways California, from my home I'll be leaving  California, California Soon I'll be with you watching your sunset in the evening Movies and show plays, beaches and free ways California, for my home I'm leaving 
every day i have the blues-Chuck Berry[SEP]Every day, every day I have the blues Every day, every day I have the blues When you see me worried, baby, because it's you I hate to lose  Nobody loves me, nobody seems to care Nobody loves me, nobody seems to care Speaking of bad luck and trouble will you know I've had my share  I'm gonna pack my suit-case, move on down the line I'm gonna pack my suit-case, moving down the line Well, there ain't nobody worryin' and there ain't nobody cryin' Seems to me every day, every day I have the blues Every day, every day I have the blues... 
my babe-Chuck Berry[SEP]My babe don't stand no cheatin', my babe My babe, true little baby, my babe My babe don't stand no cheatin' She don't stand none of that midnight creepin' My babe, true little baby, my babe  My babe, she loves me steady, my babe My babe, a groovin' little babe, my babe My baby loves me steady My babe, she always ready My babe, a groovin' little babe, my babe  My baby don't stand no cheatin', my babe Oh no, she don't stand no cheatin', my babe Oh no, she don't stand no cheatin' Ev'rything she do she do so pleasin' My babe, true little baby, my babe  My babe don't [?] me no foolin', my babe My babe, she don't stand no foolin', my babe Oh yeah, she don't stand no foolin' When she's hot, she tells me to cool her My babe, [?] my babe 
good morning little schoolgirl-Chuck Berry[SEP]Good morning, little schoolgirl Good morning, little schoolgirl Can I go home with you? Won't you let me go home with you So I can hug, hug, squeeze, squeeze? If you let me I can tease you baby Hey, hey hey hey Hey hey hey hey Hey, yeah  Let's dance, little schoolgirl Let's dance, little schoolgirl Won't you let me take you to the hop, hop Have a party at the soda shop So we can do the twist, do the stroll To the music of the rock 'n' roll Hey, hey hey hey. Hey hey hey hey. Hey, yeah  Good morning, little schoolgirl Good morning, little schoolgirl Can I go home with you? Won't you let me go home with you So I can hug, hug, squeeze, squeeze? If you let me I can tease you baby Hey, hey hey hey Hey hey hey hey Hey, yeah  Good morning, little schoolgirl Good morning, little schoolgirl Can I go home with you? Won't you let me go home with you? Tell your mama and your papa that I love you Tell your sisters and your brother that I love you Hey, hey hey hey Hey, hey hey hey Hey, hey hey hey Hey, hey hey hey 
i got to find my baby-Chuck Berry[SEP]I'm gonna search this town From door to door The love I crave I can't find no more  I got to find my baby I declare, I wouldn't lie I ain't had no real good loving Since that girl said goodbye  Hmm, you know I hate to see the sun Hurry to the west 'Cos I know my whole life Will be in a solid mess  I got to find my baby I declare, I wouldn't lie I ain't had no real good loving Since that girl said goodbye  Yes, l ever since she said That we were through I've been nervous And shook up too  I got to find my baby I declare, I wouldn't lie I ain't had no real good loving Since that girl said goodbye  Yes, I don't care if it's the last thing I ever do in my life I'm gonna find that little girl And make her my wife  I got to find my baby I wouldn't lie I ain't had no real good loving Since that girl said goodbye 
sue answer-Chuck Berry[SEP]If I don't get a letter from Sue tomorrow I'm a catch the next eastbound je-je-je-jet I done write her four wrotes now in a row and I ain't got nare a heard ye-ye-ye-yet  I write Sue an' told her if I don't see somethin' soon I'm a-have ta start sneckin' in d-d-d-d-d-d-doors She write back and say, if you don't send somethin' soon I'm a-have to sell somethin' of y-y-y-y-y-yours  Sue don't allow me to m-m-mess around She say the folks back home begin to t-t-t-t-talk I got to get my reputation b-b-back again And settle down and start walkin' the ch-ch-ch-ch-chalk  What be lookin' good to d'goose Is gotta be groovy to d'g-g-g-g-gand Two birdies in a bush ain't worth as much as one Twitchin' right there in yo' h-h-hand  I sent Sue somethin' so I b-b-be safe She write and say I mighty nigh b-b-b-blew it It won't matter which one wh-what you do It b-be's in the way dat you d-d-d-d-d-do it 
little star-Chuck Berry[SEP]Little star lite, little star so bright You're the first little star, I see tonight I wish I may, I wish I might Have the wish, I wish tonight  Sometimes I'm happy and sometimes I'm blue My only wish is depending on you Although you are so very far Please, help me, help me, little star  There is something about her that I cannot explain And to be without her, it would drive me insane Little star above, my wish is of My only, my only, only love  Little star, little star  If she only knew, the pain in my heart And what I went through, since we've been apart Little star aglow, if she should know Then you should tell her, tell her Tell her so 
why should we end this way-Chuck Berry[SEP]If I should lose you it would hurt so bad You are the only love that I've had Tell me why Why should it end this way  You know it hurts me deep in my heart To know that we are drifting apart Tell me why Why should it end this way  Yes, I could scream, I want you to know It'll hurt me so bad if you should go Tell me why Why should it end this way 
bordeaux in my pirough-Chuck Berry[SEP]So long, Jean, got a little show, thanks for the Bordeaux I got to go, push my pirough way down the bayou They got a band up on the stand and a beautiful light show Au revoir, Jean, dig the show from up on the plateau  In my pirough, with my Bordeaux, out on the bayou Creeping along, singing a song, c'est, c'est bon, bon Playing the music on my acoustic Spanish guitaro Having a duet with my coquette out on the bayou  It's growing night, we've got no lights out on the bayou Beautiful trip, think we'll sip some of my Bordeaux Two more miles going wild to play my acoustic See them stand to clap their hands to hear my music  One more mile, we rested awhile and sipped on some Bordeaux While we's grooving, a fog was moving in on the bayou On my knee, just couldn't see the front of my pirough We didn't mind, we just reclined and sipped some more Bordeaux  Ay-ay, Jean, I missed the show up on the plateau Si vous plait, push my pirough back up the bayou No see the band, no see the stand, no see the light show Ahh, Jean, we had a show out on the bayou 
bound to lose-Chuck Berry[SEP]Looks like I'll go on through my life bound in sorrow I'm a loser right from the start Now I've lost the only one I really loved And I'm bound to this pain in my heart  I am bound because I am so much in love with you And I know that this love's all in vain When you let anyone have the love you say is mine It proves to me I'm a loser again  I am bound with so many sweet memories of you What more can a poor loser do? I can't change your ways, I can't make you love me more I am bound to this crave I have for you  I was bound to lose you when I first fell in love with you I thought I'd try and love again Oh, I lost, but kept my chin up and I would pull through every time But losing you has laid my head in my hands 
i do really love you-Chuck Berry[SEP]It's you I'm in love with It's not what you are It's not how you treat me Or your fancy car But there's something about you I keep yearning for I, I do really love you  Just thinking about you Gives me such a thrill Let alone to be with you or know that I will And know that I'll tremble When I should be still Um, um, I, I do really love you  Give me what I live for Your sweet lips pressed to me And transform this yearning into ecstasy And send me, oh, send me - most humbly Um, um, I, I do really love you 
little marie-Chuck Berry[SEP]Yes, oh yes, Long Distance, I'll accept the charge, I'll pay Which love one is calling me, I did not hear you say Both are deep within my hearth, her Mom and my Marie It'll so good to hear your voice from Memphis, Tennessee  Oh, you mean so much to me, more than you'll ever know Surely, you have not forgot how much I love you so If you would remember, Dear, and sometimes talk to me Maybe that would reunite our home in Tennessee  Last time I saw you, just before I had to leave You did not want to see me off and promised not to grieve My hearth was tore apart as I looked back at my Marie And there the peace is still remain with you in Tennessee  I guess I should stop talking; after all you placed the call But anyway that I can help, you know I'll help you all Then she spoke and asked me to come back and see Marie And live together in our home in Memphis, Tennessee 
let it rock-Chuck Berry[SEP]In the heat of the day down in Mobile Alabama Working on the railroad with the steel driving hammer I gotta get some money to buy some brand new shoes Tryin' to find somebody to take away these blues "She don't love me" hear them singing in the sun Payday's coming and my work is all done  Well, in the evening when the sun is sinking low All day I been waiting for the whistle to blow Sitting in a tee pee built right on the tracks Rolling them bones until the foreman comes back Pick up you belongings boys and scatter about We've got an off-schedule train comin' two miles out  Everybody's scrambling, running around Picking up their money, tearing the tee pee down Foreman wants to panic, 'bout to go insane Trying to get the workers out the way of the train Engineer blows the whistle loud and long Can't stop the train, have to let it roll on 
memphis, tennessee-Chuck Berry[SEP]Long distance information, give me Memphis, Tennessee Help me find the party trying to get in touch with me She could not leave her number, but I know who placed the call 'Cause my uncle took the message and he wrote it on the wall  Help me, information, get in touch with my Marie She's the only one who'd phone me here from Memphis, Tennessee Her home is on the south side, high up on a ridge Just a half a mile from the Mississippi bridge  Help me, information, more than that I cannot add Only that I miss her and all the fun we had But we were pulled apart because her mom did not agree And tore apart our happy home in Memphis, Tennessee  Last time I saw Marie, she was waving me goodbye With hurry-home drops on her cheek that trickled from her eye Marie is only 6 years old, information, please Try to put me through to her in Memphis, Tennessee 
i'm just a name-Chuck Berry[SEP]Hello, I'm just a fan who had to call you on the phone Someone you won't remember of the many that you own I'm just a name within your past you met while all alone Someone who shared a love with you and stayed behind unknown  I know I'm only someone else in love with you in vain I wish I could have helped myself, but love is so much pain It makes me feel that there is still a chance that may remain That you will someday surely come and give me love again  I knew your love would never be as deep as mine for you And I knew that these many nights I'd be alone and blue And lie awake while you forsake the only love I knew And never learn that you'll return and we would live it through  Each time I dream a dream, I dream we're cuddled arm in arm It seems you're looking straight at me, when I see you perform Sometimes I think you see my face become so shy and warm I often wonder if you know the power in your charms  Please, let me say I still love you before you hang the phone And I am proud to once have shared the beauty that you own I'm just a name within your past you met while all alone Someone who shared a love with you and stayed behind unknown 
finish what ya started-Van Halen[SEP]If you wanna see other guys Baby, I could let it slide You wanna lover, you want a friend Mama, I can be both of them I got the tools to satisfy Just walk away, if I fall shy at all  Come on baby, finish what you started I'm incomplete That ain't no way to treat the broken hearted I need some sympathy  I like to look at the long run I like to take each step, one by one Right on time, you will arrive By keepin' the dream alive It's alive and it's kicking Inside of me So come on baby, please  Come on baby, finish what you started Oh! I'm incomplete uh! That ain't no way to treat the broken-hearted Ow! Come on and finish me!  [Guitar Solo]  (Baby come on) (Come on baby, you say yeah) (Baby come on) (Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, bay-yeah!)  Uh! Now come on baby Please Oh baby, come on  (Come on baby finish what ya started) Ahh (That ain't no way to treat the broken-hearted) Oh, oo-ow-oo-ow-oo-ow! (Come on baby finish what ya started) Whoo! Gimmee. Ah!  (That ain't no way to treat the broken-hearted) Mmm, mmm-hmm (Baby come on) Ah. Take each step baby, one by one (Baby come on) Yeah. Come on (Baby come on) I got the tools. I'll satisfy ya Come on baby (Baby come on) Wow-oo-ow-oo-ow! Yeah (Baby come on) (Baby come on) (Baby come on) So come on baby (Baby come on) So come on baby (Baby come on) Yeah! Uh, come on! (Baby come on) Now, come on! Baby come on) Uh, come on! 
dance the night away-Van Halen[SEP]Have you seen her? So fine and pretty. Fooled me with her style and ease. And I feel her from across the room. Yes, it's love in the third degree. Ooh, baby, baby. Won'tcha turn your head my way? Ooh, baby, baby. Come on, take a chance. You're old enough to dance the night away. Oh, come on, baby, dance the night away. A live wire. Barely a beginner, but just watch that lady go. She's on fire, 'cause dancing gets her higher than anything else she knows. Ooh, baby, baby. Won'tcha turn your head my way? Ooh, baby, baby. Well, don't skip romance, 'cause you're old enough to dance the night away. Oh, come on, baby, dance the night away. Dance the night away. Dance, dance, dance the night away. [Repeat and fade] 
pleasure dome-Van Halen[SEP]Now I know none of this was planned, it all just kinda happened I got more than I wanted, but how is still a mystery Obsessed with this feeling, I trusted it, so I followed it I'm tripping and stumbling across the land, full of miracles Into a world so far from home, miles and miles from nowhere Rooms without doors open for me, oh no Taking me miles and miles from nowhere Oh (miles and miles), oh yeah Lost in this pleasure dome, lost in my own pleasure dome Oh man, I ain't got a clue, how you get out, or how to find this place I want my control back, but I'm afraid, I'll lose that feeling Lost in a world so far from home, I'm miles and miles from nowhere Falling inside my own pleasure dome, I'm miles and miles from nowhere Oh (miles and miles), oh yeah Lost in this pleasure dome, lost inside my pleasure dome  [Solo]  Lost in a world, can't find my way home, miles and miles from nowhere Falling inside my own pleasure dome, miles and miles from nowhere Millions of miles, oh no, miles and miles and miles from nowhere Miles and miles and miles and miles, oh Lost in this pleasure dome, lost inside my pleasure dome, yeah Lost, lost 
hear about it later-Van Halen[SEP]Ain't got no money, got no house on the hill Tell me, honey, will your lovin' pay my bills? Neighbors gettin' crazy 'bout the noise next door It's a major violation, carried away for sure See, I've been tried and convicted, it's winner take all I want a run for my money, that's all I don't wanna hear about it later I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna I don't wanna hear about it later I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna Yeah, I'm walking, don't need no ride No explanation, just wasting time, yeah I've been tried and convicted, it's winner take all I want a run for my money, that's all I don't wanna hear about it later I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna I don't wanna hear about it later I don't wanna, baby I don't wanna You can try me at home, if it feels all right But I ain't home at night You can try me at home, if it feels all right But I ain't home at night I don't wanna, I'll do what I please I don't wanna, I'll maybe do a look 'n move Yeah, don't look at me baby Yes, I better take my chances I, I been dreaming 'bout tomorrow I don't, I don't, I don't I don't wanna hear about that, no 
ice cream man-Van Halen[SEP]Dedicate one to the ladies...  Now summertime's here babe, need somethin' to keep you cool Ah, now summertime's here, babe, need somethin' to keep you cool Better look out now, though, Dave's got somethin' for you Tell ya what it is  I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by Oh my my I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy Hold on a second, baby  I got a puddin' pie banana, ah, dixie cups All flavors and push ups too I'm your ice cream man, baby, stop me when I'm passin' by See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy Hold on, one more  Well, I'm usually passin' by just about eleven o'clock Uh huh, I never stop, I'm usually passin' by just around eleven o'clock And if you let me cool you one time, you'll be my regular stop All right boys  I got a puddin' pie banana, ah, dixie cups All flavors and push ups too I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by See now all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy, yes  I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by They say all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy Ah, one time  I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passin' by They say all my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy One time, boys  I'm your ice cream man I'm your ice cream man B-b-b-b-b-b-b-baby Oh my, my, my All my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy 
drop dead legs-Van Halen[SEP]Drop dead legs, pretty smile, hurts my head, gets me wild. Dig that steam, giant butt, makes me scream, I get nuh-nuh-nothing but the shakes over you And nothing else could ever do.  [Chorus:] You know that you want it. I know what it is. You know that you want it, baby, When the night is through, will I still be loving you ? Dig those moves, vam-pire set me loose, get it higher. Throw my rope, loop-de-loop nice white teeth, Betty Boop. Set it cool real heavy. I ain't fooled, gettin' ready.  [Chorus:]  [Guitar solo] 
jump-Van Halen[SEP]I get up And nothing gets me down You got it tough I've seen the toughest all around  And I know Baby, just how you feel You've got to roll With the punches to get to what's real  Oh can't you see me standing here I've got my back against the record machine I ain't the worst that you've seen Oh can't you see what I mean?  Might as well jump. Jump! Might as well jump Go ahead, jump. Jump! Go ahead and jump  Ah-oh, hey you! Who said that? Baby, how you been? You say you don't know You won't know until you begin  So can't you see me standing here I've got my back against the record machine I ain't the worst that you've seen Oh can't you see what I mean?  Might as well jump. Jump! Go ahead and jump Might as well jump. Jump! Go ahead and jump Jump!  Might as well jump. Jump! Go ahead and jump Get it and jump. Jump! Go ahead and jump  Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! 
everybody wants some!!-Van Halen[SEP]You can't get romantic on a subway line. Conductor don't like it, says you're wastin' your time. But ev'rybody wants some. I want some too. Ev'rybody wants some. Baby, how 'bout you? I seen a lotta people lookin' for a moonbeam. Yeah, ya spent a lot. Ya got lost in the jet-stream. But ev'rybody wants some. I want some too. Ev'rybody wants some. Baby, how 'bout you? I like the way the line runs up the back of the stockings. I've always liked those kind of high heels too. You know, I... No no no no, don't take 'em off, don't take... Leave 'em on, leave 'em on. Yeah, that's it, a little more to the right, a little more.... Ev'rybody wants some. I want some too. Ev'rybody wants some. Baby, how 'bout you? Ev'rybody wants some. Ev'rybody needs some. Ev'rybody wants some. Ev'rybody needs some. 
bullethead-Van Halen[SEP]My karma just ran over your dogma. I can feel your pain. If everything is coming your way you're facing the wrong lane.  Bullethead, bomb the moon until you're crazy dead. B-b-b-b-b-b-bullethead got a different kind of truth Bullethead, yes you are in danger. I drive just like you!  How many roads must a man walk down before he admits he's lost. And do you really, really drive this way just to piss me off?  Boldly going nowhere, trouble busting through. Yeah, I'm rolling slowly but I'm ahead of you.  Bullethead, bomb the moon until you're crazy dead. B-b-b-b-b-b-bullethead got a different kind of truth Bullethead, yes you are in danger. I drive just like you!  Well I'm a lovin' the horn baby. Well I'm a bullethead. Come-a, come-a, come-a, come on baby Well I'm a bullethead.  Hurt me!  [solo]  Traffic is giving you trouble? I can feel your pain. No light at the end of the tunnel due to budget constraints.  Some days you're the dog, some days you're the hydrant. If everything is going your way you're facing the wrong lane.  Bullethead, bomb the moon until you're crazy dead. B-b-b-b-b-b-bullethead got a different kind of truth Bullethead, yes you are in danger. I drive just like you! 
the seventh seal-Van Halen[SEP]Walk me down to the wishing well Help me find that miracle Splash that holy water on me Drown my faith in trinity, yeah! Oh yeah Little by little, gonna get it, I swear One more piece of the puzzle, I'm there Gotta get lucky gotta get that done Little bit of luck never hurt no one Come on take me down, down, down.... I'm in a cold sweat Lord don't let me drown, drown, drown, drown In mother earth's soul, yet Under darken skies We'll see the light Broken now I can't help but feel Someone cracked the seventh seal Nothing sacred, nothing left unturned When nothing's simple then nothing's learned So take me down to the virgin spring Wash away my suffering, oh Splash that holy water on me Wash my eyes so I can see Come on take me down, down, down.... I'm in a cold sweat Lord don't let me drown, drown, drown, drown In mother earth's soul, not yet Lord I think I found, found, found.... My mother lode, hey Down, down, down, down, down, down, Take me down, down, down, down.... Take me 
take your whiskey home-Van Halen[SEP]Well, my baby, she don't want me around. She said she's tired of watchin' me fall down. She wants the good life, only the best. But I like that bottle better than the rest. And she said: I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble. Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble. Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble. If you take your whiskey... Well, that liquor in the nighttime leaves strange memories. Seems a lifetime since yesterday. Come the daybreak, come the morrow, that woman's waited up all night for me again. She said: Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble. Yeah, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble. Yeah, you know that you're headed for a lot of trouble. If you take your whiskey home. Some goes to women, some goes to Jesus, though I'm absolutely certain both's all right. But it takes me at least halfway to the label 'fore I can even make it through the night. Well, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble. Yeah, I think that you're headed for a whole lot of trouble. Yeah, you know that you're headed for a lot of trouble. If you take your whiskey home. 
house of pain-Van Halen[SEP]Say you're gonna leave me cause I only tie you up. Always love you tender but you only like it rough. ?? why you're leaving me again. Gonna pack your bags and leave this house of pain. Heartaches all around me, how many times we cried. Said she tried to leave me but her hands were always tied. If I had it all to do I'd do it just the same. Gonna fix it so you never leave this house of pain  [Guitar solo] 
push comes to shove-Van Halen[SEP]Does it seem cold in here to you? What's there to do tonight, anything? Give me another cigarette Is there anything left in that bottle? Yeah-Give it here Some people live apart; They break your heart so damn easy And then one night in sunny victory She decides and you agree, she's leaving Will you ever be the same? Will you ever be the same? That's when push comes to shove I believe it was inevitable That's when push comes to shove Could this be the one that got away? I get the message Guess I knew it all along Says you're a stranger Here in paradise, you fool Seems like forty days and forty nights Since someone used my first name Including you Will you ever be the same? Is this the one that got away? Now I'm ahead of the game Driving me insane It's a small change Ooh, I'm just a pushover Over and over 
beats workin'-Van Halen[SEP]Here today, gone later today. I’ve been reading what the bloggers say. How about a great big slice for me? Otherwise or professionally.  Beats workin’. Startin’ up in my feet. Goes to workin’ on the rest of me.  Live this life of luxury sho-nuff beats workin’ for me. Kid’ll land on his feet if he don’t land on his seat.  This beats workin’ baby ‘cause I’m red hot baby like it or not.  Don’t you know that this beats workin’ baby ‘cause I’m red hot baby like it or not.  One empty floor stands between the stage and the welfare door.  Heads or tails of the same bread. Coin of the realm just like the man said  Beats workin’. Starting up all in my feet. Goes to workin’ on the rest of me.  Got a feelin’ all in my head. Try to do it like the good book said. Kid’ll land on his feet if he don’t land on his head.  This beats workin’ baby ‘cause I’m red hot baby like it or not.  Don’t you know that this beats workin’ baby ‘cause I’m red hot baby like it or not.  [solo 1 & 2]  This beats workin’ baby. This beats workin’ baby. This beats workin’ baby ‘cause I’m red hot baby like it or not.  [solo 3] 
feels so good-Van Halen[SEP]Yesterday I saw my love light shine Straight ahead in front of me You never really know When love will come or go But yesterday I was alone Suddenly I walked you home I never really knew What love could make me do I'll send the message in a bottle Trust in the mercy of the sea Stormy weather, oh yeah Waitin' for love to set me free Everyday I watch the tide roll in Stay until it rolls away Though nothing's on the shore I'm running back for more I'll send the message in a bottle Pray for the mercy of the sea Stormy weather, oh yeah Waitin' for love to rescue me Feels so good, feels so nice When love comes around I feel good, so good, so good, so good It feels so nice, so nice Feels so good Feels so good Feels so nice When love comes around I feel good Gonna make her feel nice When love comes around I feel good So good, so good, so good Come on, baby Make me feel good 
poison-Bell Biv DeVoe[SEP][Michael Bivins:] Yeah, Spiderman and Freeze in full effect [Ronnie DeVoe:] Uh-huh [Ricky Bell:] You ready, Ron? [DeVoe:] I'm ready [Bell:] You ready, Biv? [Bivins:] I'm ready, Slick, are you? [Bell:] Oh, yeah, break it down  [Verse 1: Ricky Bell] Girl, I, must (Warrrrrn yoooooooooou) I sense something strange in my mind Situation is (seriooooooooous) Let's cure it 'cause we're running out of time It's oh, so (beautifuuuuuuuuul) Relationships they seem from the start It's all so (deadllllllllly) When love is not together from the heart  [Hook:] It's drivin' me out of my mind! That's why it's HARD for me to find Can't get it out of my head! Miss her, kiss her, love her (Wrong move you're dead!)  [Chorus:] That girl is POISOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON... Never trust a big butt and smile That girl is POISOOOOOOOOOOOOOON... [Kool G. Rap:] ("POISON! ")  [Verse 2:] [If I were you I'd take pre-] (-cautiooooooooooooon) Before I start to meet fly girl, you know? 'Cause in some (portiooooooooooons) You'll think she's the best thing in the world  She's so - (flyyyyyyyyyyyy) She'll drive you right out of your mind And steal your heart when you're blind Beware she's schemin', she'll make you think you're dreamin' YOU'LL fall in love and you'll be screamin', demon, HOO...  [Rap Verse: Ronnie Devoe] Poison, deadly, movin it slow Lookin for a mellow fellow like DeVoe Gettin paid, laid, so better lay low Schemin on house, money, and the whole show The low pro hoe she'll be cut like an aaa-FRO See what you're sayin', huh, she's a winner to you But I know she's a loser (How do you know?) Me and the crew used to do her!  POISOOOOOOOOOOOON... [Kool G. Rap:] ("POISON! ")  [Mixing of Kool G. Rap's "POISON! "]  [Michael Bivins:] I was at the bar, shake, breakin and takin 'em all And that night, I played the wall Checkin out the fellas, the highs and lows Keepin one eye open, still clockin' the hoes There was one particular girl that stood out from the rest Poison as can be, the high power chest Michael Bivins here and I'm runnin' the show Bell, Biv DeVoe [Ronnie laughs] ... now you know! Yo, Slick, blow...  [Hook]  [Chorus]  [B.B.D.: adlibs] Yo' fellas, that was another Dope one... You know what I'm sayin', Mike? Yeah, B.B.D. in full effect Yo', wassup to Ralph T and Johnny G And I can't forget about my boy, B. Brown And the whole NE crew  POISOOOOOOOOOON... [Bell harmonies] 
love buzz-Nirvana[SEP]Would you believe me when I tell you You are the queen of my heart Please don't deceive me when I hurt you Just ain't the way it seems  Can you feel my love buzz? Can you feel my love buzz? Can you feel my love buzz? Can you feel my love buzz!!!  Would you believe me when I tell you You are the queen of my heart Please don't deceive me when I hurt you Just ain't the way it seems  Can you feel my love buzz? Can you feel my love buzz? Can you feel my love buzz? Can you feel my love buzz!!! 
drain you-Nirvana[SEP]One baby to another says I'm lucky to have met you I don't care what you think Unless it is about me It is now my duty to completely drain you I travel through a tube And end up in your infection  Chew your meat for you Pass it back and forth In a passionate kiss From my mouth to yours I like you  With eyes so dilated I've become your pupil You've taught me everything Without a poison apple The water is so yellow, I'm a healthy student Indebted and so grateful Vacuum out the fluids  Chew your meat for you Pass it back and forth In a passionate kiss From my mouth to yours I like you You You You You You  One baby to another says I'm lucky to have met you I don't care what you think Unless it is about me It is now my duty to completely drain you I travel through a tube And end up in your infection  Chew your meat for you Pass it back and forth In a passionate kiss From my mouth to yours Sloppy lips to lips You're my vitamins I like you 
sifting-Nirvana[SEP]Afraid - to grade Wouldn't it be fun? Cross, self loss Wouldn't it be fun? Wet your bed Wouldn't it be fun? Some fear none Wouldn't it be fun?  Your eyes ... Teacher said, Your eyes ... Teacher said, Your eyes ... Teacher said, Preacher said  "Don't have nothing for you" [x7]  Spell the smell Wouldn't it be fun? Search for church Wouldn't it be fun? Wet your bed Wouldn't it be fun? Cold in coals Wouldn't it be fun?  Your eyes ... Teacher said, Your eyes ... Teacher said, Your eyes ... Preacher said [x2]  "Don't have nothing for you" [x7]  "Don't have nothing for you" [x9] 
talk to me-Nirvana[SEP]Shake it down easy, shake it down sleazy, come on Shake it down easy, shake yourself, Suzy, come on  Don't let me detain you Try to ride along Don't you lie, knowing I am not sad I am not silly I am not chippin' I am not chippin' away  Talk to me In your own language, please In your own Talk to me In your own language please  Shake it down easy, make it sound seamy, doll man Make it sound now, make it full house, sad man  Leader of the band Makes a mental hell I won't weather it well Well I never Saw it with my arm Paint it with my heart Paint it with my eyes and make it right  Lay down easy, lay it down seamy, sad man Lay down easy, lay it down seamy, sad man  You don't want to hear this Nothin' but a whore I will play the leader With pain Now you know I'm needy Lay them down easy Lay them down easy  Talk to me In your own language please 
anorexorcist-Nirvana[SEP]Look your legs are ashes Charred into a special Don't make noise you'll break Your legs, your eyes and all You're right  I was your incompetent Man just read the furies Special time but you can't Make too much of him Gray Oh, oh  I was yours and closer You were them in New York Got me in to entertain Your legs are in your legs  I was your end dancer More than all I wish you Got me under with the Nice, nice, nice religious man Oh, Oh... 
turnaround-Nirvana[SEP]Take a step outside yourself And you turn around Take a look at who you are It's pretty scary So silly It's Revolting You're not much You can't do anything  Take a step outside the city And you turn around Take a look at what you are It is revolting You're really nowhere So wasteful So foolish Poppycock!  Who said don't look back? Don't believe 'em Go for that crazy sounding restaurant 'Cause they're gonna try and get behind you Don't you let them do it You know what I'm talking about? You hear me talking? You hear me talking!?  It's pretty scary, it's so revolting [x4] Naaaah !  Take a step outside the country And you turn around Take a look at what you are It is amazing Take a good look You're no big deal You're so petty It's a laugh  Take a step outside the planet Turn around and around Take a look at where you are It's pretty scary 
all apologies-Nirvana[SEP]What else should I be? All apologies What else should I say? Everyone is gay  What else should I write? I don't have the right What else should I be? All apologies  In the sun In the sun I feel as one In the sun In the sun  Married Buried  I wish I was like you Easily amused Find my nest of salt Everything is my fault  I'll take all the blame Aqua seafoam shame Sunburn, freezer burn Choking on the ashes of her enemy  In the sun In the sun I feel as one In the sun In the sun  Married Buried Married Buried  [13x] All in all is all we are 
ain't it a shame-Nirvana[SEP]Ain't it a shame to go fishin' on a Sunday Ain't it a shame? Ain't it a shame to go fishin' on a Sunday Ain't it a shame? Ain't it a shame to go fishin' on a Sunday When you got Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday Oh, Thursday, Friday, Saturday Ain't it a shame?  Ain't it a shame to have a drink on a Sunday Ain't it a shame? Ain't it a shame to have a drink on a Sunday Ain't it a shame? Ain't it a shame to have a drink on a Sunday When you got Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday Oh, Thursday, Friday, Saturday Ain't it a shame?  Ain't it a shame to beat your wife on a Sunday Ain't it a shame? Ain't it a shame to beat your wife on a Sunday Ain't it a shame? Ain't it a shame to beat your wife on a Sunday When you got Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday Oh, Thursday, Friday, Saturday Ain't it a shame?  Ain't it a shame to go fishin' on a Sunday Ain't it a shame? Ain't it a shame to go fishin' on a Sunday Ain't it a shame? Ain't it a shame to go fishin' on a Sunday When you got Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday Oh, Thursday, Friday, Saturday Ain't it a shame?  Ain't it a shame? Ain't it a shame? Ain't it a shame? Ain't it a shame? Ain't it a shame? Shame! Shame! Shame! 
lithium-Nirvana[SEP]I'm so happy, 'cause today I've found my friends They're in my head I'm so ugly, that's okay, 'cause so are you We've broke our mirrors Sunday morning, is every day for all I care And I'm not scared Light my candles, in a daze, 'cause I've found God  Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah  I'm so lonely, that's okay, I shaved my head And I'm not sad And just maybe I'm to blame for all I've heard But I'm not sure I'm so excited, I can't wait to meet you there But I don't care I'm so horny, that's okay, my will is good  Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah  I like it, I'm not gonna crack I miss you, I'm not gonna crack I love you, I'm not gonna crack I killed you, I'm not gonna crack I like it, I'm not gonna crack I miss you, I'm not gonna crack I love you, I'm not gonna crack I killed you, I'm not gonna crack  I'm so happy, 'cause today I've found my friends They're in my head I'm so ugly, that's okay, 'cause so are you, We've broke our mirrors Sunday morning, is every day for all I care, And I'm not scared Light my candles, in a daze, 'cause I've found God  Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah  I like it, I'm not gonna crack I miss you, I'm not gonna crack I love you, I'm not gonna crack I killed you, I'm not gonna crack I like it, I'm not gonna crack I miss you, I'm not gonna crack I love you, I'm not gonna crack I killed you, I'm not gonna crack 
negative creep-Nirvana[SEP]This is out of our range Out of our reach [x2] And it's gone  Getting to be [x3] A drone  Negative creep [x3] And I'm stoned!  Negative creep [x3] And I'm...  Daddy's little girl ain't a girl no more [x4]  Out of our range [x3] And it's grown  Getting to be [x3] A drone  Negative creep [x3] And I'm stoned!  Negative creep [x3] And I'm...  Daddy's little girl ain't a girl no more [x4]  Daddy's little girl ain't a girl no more [x8] 
smells like teen spirit-Nirvana[SEP]Load up on guns, bring your friends It's fun to lose and to pretend She's over bored and self assured Oh no, I know a dirty word  Hello, hello, hello, how low? [x3] Hello, hello, hello!  With the lights out, it's less dangerous Here we are now, entertain us I feel stupid and contagious Here we are now, entertain us A mulatto An albino A mosquito My libido Yeah, hey, yay  I'm worse at what I do best And for this gift I feel blessed Our little group has always been And always will until the end  Hello, hello, hello, how low? [x3] Hello, hello, hello!  With the lights out, it's less dangerous Here we are now, entertain us I feel stupid and contagious Here we are now, entertain us A mulatto An albino A mosquito My libido Yeah, hey, yay  And I forget just why I taste Oh yeah, I guess it makes me smile I found it hard, it's hard to find Oh well, whatever, never mind  Hello, hello, hello, how low? [x3] Hello, hello, hello!  With the lights out, it's less dangerous Here we are now, entertain us I feel stupid and contagious Here we are now, entertain us A mulatto An albino A mosquito My libido  A denial! [x9] 
molly's lips-Nirvana[SEP][x3] She said She'd take me anywhere She'd take me anywhere As long as she stays with me  She said She'd take me anywhere She'd take me anywhere As long as I stayed clean  Kiss kiss Molly's lips [x4 and x8 in the end] 
been a son-Nirvana[SEP]She should have stayed away from friends She should have had more time to spend She should have died when she was born She should have worn the crown of thorns  She should have - been a son She should have - been a son She should have - been a son She should have - been a son  She should have stood out in the crowd She should have made her mother proud She should have fallen on her stance She should have had another chance  [x2] She should have - been a son She should have - been a son She should have - been a son She should have - been a son  She should have stayed away from friends She should have had more time to spend She should have died when she was born She should have worn the crown of thorns  She should have - been a son She should have - been a son She should have - been a son She should have - been a son 
lollipop-Lil Wayne[SEP]No homo, Young Mula Baby I say he so sweet Make her wanna lick the wrapper So I let her lick the rapper  She lick me like a lollipop [4x]  [2x] Shawty wanna thug Bottles in the club Shawty wanna hump You know I'd like to touch Your lovely lady lumps  [Lil Wayne:] OK, little mama had a swag like mine She even wear her hair down her back like mine I make her feel right when it's wrong like lying Man, she ain't never had a love like mine But man I ain't never seen an ass like hers And that pussy in my mouth had me lost for words So I told her back it up like "Burp, burp" And I made that ass jump like jerk, jerk  And that's when she She lick me like a lollipop (I like that) [3x] She lick me like a lollipop  Shawty wanna thug Bottles in the club Shawty wanna hump You know I'd like to touch Your lovely lady lumps  Shawty wanna thug (I like that) Bottles in the club (I like that) Shawty wanna hump You know I'd like to touch (I like that) Your lovely lady lumps  [Static Major:] OK after you back it up and stop Drop it shawty Drop it like it's hot Oh, drop it like it's hot Do it shawty don't stop  [Lil Wayne:] Shawty said the nigga that she with ain't shit Shawty said the nigga that she with ain't this Shawty said the nigga that she with can't hit But shawty I'mma hit it hit it like I can't miss  And he can't do this And he don't do that Shawty need a refund, Need to bring that nigga back Just like a refund I make her bring that ass back And she bring that ass back Because I like that  Shawty wanna thug (I like that) Bottles in the club (I like that) Shawty wanna hump You know I'd like to touch Your lovely lady lumps  She lick me like a lollipop [3x] So I let her lick the rapper Like a lollipop  Shawty wanna thug Bottles in the club Shawty wanna hump You know I'd like to touch Your lovely lady lumps Stat  [4x] Call me so I can make it juicy for you Call me so I can get it juicy for you  [2x] Shawty wanna thug Bottles in the club Shawty wanna hump You know I'd like to touch Your lovely lady lumps  I get her on top She drop it like it's hot And when I'm at the bottom She Hillary Rodham The middle of the bed Giving getting head, Giving getting head, Giving getting head  I said I like that Said I like that I said I like that  Call me so I can come and do it for you Call me so I can come and prove it for you Call me so I can make it juicy for you Call me so I can get it juicy for you  Shawty wanna lick me like a lollipop She lick me like a lollipop She said he's so sweet Makes her wanna lick the wrapper What you do? So I let her lick the rapper 
the movie-Doors[SEP]The movie will begin in five moments The mindless voice announced All those unseated will await the next show.  We filed slowly, languidly into the hall The auditorium was vast and silent As we seated and were darkened, the voice continued.  The program for this evening is not new You've seen this entertainment through and through You've seen your birth your life and death You might recall all of the rest Did you have a good world when you died? Enough to base a movie on?.  I'm getting out of here Where are you going? To the other side of morning Please don't chase the clouds, pagodas  Her cunt gripped him like a warm, friendly hand.  It's alright, all your friends are here When can I meet them? After you've eaten I'm not hungry Uh, we meant beaten  Silver stream, silvery scream Oooooh, impossible concentration. 
touch me-Doors[SEP]Yeah! Come on, come on, come on, come on Now touch me, baby Can't you see that I am not afraid? What was that promise that you made? Why won't you tell me what she said? What was that promise that you made?  Now, I'm gonna love you Till the heavens stop the rain I'm gonna love you Till the stars fall from the sky for you and I  Come on, come on, come on, come on Now touch me, baby Can't you see that I am not afraid? What was that promise that you made? Why won't you tell me what she said? What was that promise that you made?  I'm gonna love you Till the heavens stop the rain I'm gonna love you Till the stars fall from the sky for you and I I'm gonna love you Till the heavens stop the rain I'm gonna love you Till the stars fall from the sky for you and I  Stronger than dirt 
light my fire-Doors[SEP]You know that it would be untrue You know that I would be a liar If I was to say to you Girl, we couldn't get much higher  Come on baby, light my fire Come on baby, light my fire Try to set the night on fire  The time to hesitate is through No time to wallow in the mire Try now we can only lose And our love become a funeral pyre  Come on baby, light my fire Come on baby, light my fire Try to set the night on fire, yeah  The time to hesitate is through No time to wallow in the mire Try now we can only lose And our love become a funeral pyre  Come on baby, light my fire Come on baby, light my fire Try to set the night on fire, yeah  You know that it would be untrue You know that I would be a liar If I was to say to you Girl, we couldn't get much higher  Come on baby, light my fire Come on baby, light my fire Try to set the night on fire Try to set the night on fire Try to set the night on fire Try to set the night on fire 
roadhouse blues-Doors[SEP]Yeah  Yeah, keep your eyes on the road, your hand upon the wheel Keep your eyes on the road, your hand upon the wheel Yeah, we're goin' to the Roadhouse We're gonna have a real Good time  Yeah, back at the Roadhouse they got some bungalows Yeah, back at the Roadhouse they got some bungalows And that's for the people Who like to go down slow  Let it roll, baby, roll Let it roll, baby, roll Let it roll, baby, roll Let it roll, all night long  Do it, Robby, do it  You gotta roll, roll, roll You gotta thrill my soul, all right Roll, roll, roll, roll Thrill my soul You gotta beep a gunk a chucha Honk konk konk You gotta each you puna Each ya bop a luba Each yall bump a kechonk Ease sum konk Yeah, ride  Ashen lady, ashen lady Give up your vows, give up your vows Save our city, save our city Right now  Well, I woke up this morning, I got myself a beer Well, I woke up this morning, and I got myself a beer The future's uncertain, and the end is always near  Let it roll, baby, roll Let it roll, baby, roll Let it roll, baby, roll Let it roll, all night long 
wintertime love-Doors[SEP]Wintertime winds blow cold the season Fallen in love, I'm hopin' to be Wind is so cold, is that the reason? Keeping you warm, your hands touching me  Come with me dance, my dear Winter's so cold this year You are so warm My wintertime love to be  Winter time winds blue and freezin' Comin' from northern storms in the sea Love has been lost, is that the reason? Trying desperately to be free  Come with me dance, my dear Winter's so cold this year And you are so warm My wintertime love to be  La, la, la, la  Come with me dance, my dear Winter's so cold this year You are so warm My wintertime love to be 
people are strange-Doors[SEP]People are strange when you're a stranger Faces look ugly when you're alone Women seem wicked when you're unwanted Streets are uneven when you're down  When you're strange Faces come out of the rain When you're strange No one remembers your name When you're strange When you're strange When you're strange  People are strange when you're a stranger Faces look ugly when you're alone Women seem wicked when you're unwanted Streets are uneven when you're down  When you're strange Faces come out of the rain When you're strange No one remembers your name When you're strange When you're strange When you're strange  When you're strange Faces come out of the rain When you're strange No one remembers your name When you're strange When you're strange When you're strange 
wishful sinful-Doors[SEP]Wishful crystal Water covers everything in blue Coolin' water  Wishful sinful Our love is beautiful to see I know where I would like to be Right back where I came  Wishful, sinful, wicked blue Water covers you Wishful, sinful, wicked you Can't escape the blue  Magic risin' Sun is shinin' deep beneath the sea But not enough for you and me and sunshine Love to hear the wind cry  Wishful sinful Our love is beautiful to see I know where I would like to be Right back where I came  Wishful, sinful, wicked blue Water covers you Wishful, sinful, wicked you Can't escape the blue  Love to hear the wind cry Love to hear you cry, yeah, yeah 
unhappy girl-Doors[SEP]Unhappy girl Left all alone Playing solitaire Playing warden to your soul You are locked in a prison Of your own devise And you can't believe What it does to me To see you Crying  Unhappy girl Tear your web away Saw thru all your bars Melt your cell today You are caught in a prison Of your own devise  Unhappy girl Fly fast away Don't miss your chance To swim in mystery You are dying in a prison Of your own device 
land ho!-Doors[SEP]Grandma loved a sailor, who sailed the frozen sea Grandpa was that whaler and he took me on his knee He said, "Son, I'm going crazy from livin' on the land Got to find my shipmates and walk in foreign sands."  This old man was graceful with silver in his smile He smoked a briar pipe and he walked four country miles Singing songs of shady sisters in old town Liberty Songs of love and songs of death and songs to set men free Ya!  I've got three ships and sixty men A course for ports unread I'll stand at mast, let north winds blow till half of us are dead Land ho!  Well, if I get my hands on a dollar bill gonna buy a bottle and drink my fill If I get my hands on a number five gonna skin that little girl alive If I get my hands on a number two come back home and marry you Marry you, marry you Alright!  Eh land ho! Eh land ho!  Well if I get back home and I feel alright You know babe I'm gonna love you right, love you right, love you right  Eh land ho! Eh land ho! Eh! 
the unknown soldier-Doors[SEP]Wait until the war is over And we're both a little older The unknown soldier  Breakfast where the news is read Television children fed Unborn living, living dead Bullet strikes the helmet's head  And it's all over For the unknown soldier It's all over For the unknown soldier  Company Halt Present! Arms!  Make a grave for the unknown soldier Nestled in your hollow shoulder The unknown soldier  Breakfast where the news is read Television children fed Bullet strikes the helmet's head  And it's all over The war is over It's all over War is over  It's all over, baby All over, baby Oh, over, yeah  All over, baby Woo, ha-ha  All over  All over, baby Oh, whoa-yeah All over All over Hey 
gloria-Doors[SEP]Yeah, right. Did you hear about my baby? she come around, She come round here, the head to the ground? Come round here just about midnight, She makes me feel so good, make me feel all right.  She come round my street, now She come to my house and Knock upon my door Climbing up my stairs, one, two Come on baby Here she is in my room, oh boy  Hey what’s your name? How old are you? Where’d you go to school? Aha, yeah Aha, yeah Ah, ah yeah, ah yeah Oh haa, mmm  Well, now that we know each other a little bit better, Why don’t you come over here Make me feel all right!  Gloria, gloria Gloria, gloria Gloria, gloria All night, all day All right, okey, yey! (gloria, gloria)  You were my queen and I was your fool, Riding home after school. You took me home To your house. Your father’s at work, Your mama’s out shopping around. Check me into your room. Show me your thing. Why’d you do it baby?  Getting softer, slow it down Softer, get it down  Now you show me your thing. Wrap your legs around my neck, Wrap your arms around my feet, yeah Wrap your hair around my skin. I’m gonna huh, right, ok, yeah.  It’s getting harder, it’s getting too darn fast It’s getting harder  All right! Come on, now, let’s get it on. Too late, too late, too late, Too late, too late, too late, Can’t stop, wow! Make me feel all right!  Gloria, gloria Gloria, gloria All night, all day All right, okey, yey! Gloria, gloria  Keep the whole thing going, baby! All right! All right! Aaaaah! 
my eyes have seen you-Doors[SEP]My eyes have seen you My eyes have seen you My eyes have seen you Stand in your door When we meet inside Show me some more Show me some more Show me some more  My eyes have seen you My eyes have seen you My eyes have seen you Turn and stare Fix your hair Move upstairs Move upstairs Move upstairs  My eyes have seen you My eyes have seen you My eyes have seen you Free from disguise Gazing on a city under Television skies Television skies Television skies  My eyes have seen you My eyes have seen you Eyes have seen you Let them photograph your soul Memorize your alleys On an endless roll Endless roll [x 15] 
yes, the river knows-Doors[SEP]Please believe me The river told me Very softly Want you to hold me, ooo  Free fall flow, river flow On and on it goes Breath under water 'till the end Free fall flow, river flow On and on it goes Breath under water 'till the end Yes, the river knows  Please believe me If you don't need me I'm going, but I need a little time I promised I would drown myself in mystic heated wine  Please believe me The river told me Very softly Want you to hold me, ooo  I'm going, but I need a little time I promised I would drown myself in mystic heated wine  Free fall flow, river flow On and on it goes Breath under water 'till the end Free fall flow, river flow On and on it goes Breath under water 'till the end 
centerfold-J. Geils Band[SEP]Come on  Does she walk? Does she talk? Does she come complete? My homeroom homeroom angel Always pulled me from my seat  She was pure like snowflakes No one could ever stain The memory of my angel Could never cause me pain  Years go by, I'm lookin' through a girly magazine And there's my homeroom angel on the pages in between  My blood runs cold My memory has just been sold My angel is the centerfold (Angel is the centerfold)  My blood runs cold (wooh) My memory has just been sold (Angel is the centerfold)  Slipped me notes under the desk While I was thinkin' about her dress I was shy, I turned away Before she caught my eye  I was shakin' in my shoes Whenever she flashed those baby blues Something had a hold on me When angel passed close by  Those soft, fuzzy sweaters Too magical to touch To see her in that negligée Is really just too much  My blood runs cold Yeah, my memory has just been sold My angel is the centerfold (Angel is the centerfold)  My blood runs cold My memory has just been sold (oh yeah) (Angel is the centerfold)  (Na, na, na...)  Yeah, now listen It's okay, I understand This ain't no Never-Never Land I hope that when this issue's gone I'll see you when your clothes are on  Take your car, yes we will We'll take your car and drive it We'll take it to a motel room And take 'em off in private  A part of me has just been ripped The pages from my mind are stripped Oh no, I can't deny it Oh yeah, I guess I gotta buy it  My blood runs cold My memory has just been sold My angel is the centerfold (Angel is the centerfold)  My blood runs cold (wooh) My memory has just been sold (My angel is the centerfold)  (Na, na, na...)  Alright, alright 1, 2, 3, 4  (Na, na, na...)  My blood runs cold My memory has just been sold My angel is the centerfold Angel is the centerfold  My blood runs cold, oh yeah My memory has just been sold My angel is the centerfold Angel is the centerfold 
against all odds (take a look at me now)-Phil Collins[SEP]How can I just let you walk away, just let you leave without a trace When I stand here taking every breath with you, ooh You're the only one who really knew me at all  How can you just walk away from me, When all I can do is watch you leave Cause we've shared the laughter and the pain and even shared the tears You're the only one who really knew me at all  So take a look at me now, oh there's just an empty space And there's nothing left here to remind me, Just the memory of your face Ooh take a look at me now, well there's just an empty space And you coming back to me is against the odds and that's what I've got to face  I wish I could just make you turn around, Turn around and see me cry There's so much I need to say to you, So many reasons why You're the only one who really knew me at all  So take a look at me now, well there's just an empty space And there's nothing left here to remind me, just the memory of your face Now take a look at me now, cause there's just an empty space  But to wait for you, is all I can do and that's what I've got to face Take a good look at me now, cause I'll still be standing here And you coming back to me is against all odds It's the chance I've gotta take  Take a look at me now 
alone again (naturally)-Gilbert O'Sullivan[SEP]In a little while from now If I'm not feeling any less sour I promise myself to treat myself And visit a nearby tower  And climbing to the top Will throw myself off In an effort to make clear to whomever What it's like when you're shattered  Left standing in the lurch At a church where people saying My God, that's tough, she stood him up No point in us remaining  We may as well go home As I did on my own Alone again, naturally  To think that only yesterday I was cheerful, bright and gay Looking forward to, well, who wouldn't do The role I was about to play  But as if to knock me down Reality came around And without so much as a mere touch Cut me into little pieces  Leaving me to doubt Talk about God in His mercy Who, if He really does exist Why did He desert me?  And in my hour of need I truly am, indeed Alone again, naturally  It seems to me that there are more hearts Broken in the world that can't be mended Left unattended What do we do? What do we do?  Alone again, naturally  Now, looking back over the years And whatever else that appears I remember I cried when my father died Never wishing to hide the tears  And at sixty-five years old My mother, God rest her soul Couldn't understand why the only man She had ever loved had been taken  Leaving her to start With a heart so badly broken Despite encouragement from me No words were ever spoken  And when she passed away I cried and cried all day Alone again, naturally Alone again, naturally 
blue velvet-Bobby Vinton[SEP]She wore blue velvet Bluer than velvet was the night Softer than satin was the light From the stars  She wore blue velvet Bluer than velvet were her eyes Warmer than May, her tender sighs Love was ours  Ours, a love I held tightly Feeling the rapture grow Like a flame burning brightly But when she left gone was the glow of  Blue velvet But in my heart there'll always be Precious and warm a memory through the years And I still can see blue velvet through my tears  She wore blue velvet But in my heart there'll always be Precious and warm a memory through the years And I still can see blue velvet through my tears  (Blue velvet, ooh) 
roses are red (my love)-Bobby Vinton[SEP](Roses are red, my love) (Doo doo da doo)  A long, long time ago On graduation day You handed me your book I signed this way:  "Roses are red, my love. Violets are blue. Sugar is sweet, my love. But not as sweet as you."  We dated through high school And when the big day came I wrote into your book Next to my name:  "Roses are red, my love. Violets are blue. Sugar is sweet, my love. But not as sweet as you." (as sweet as you)  Then I went far away And you found someone new I read your letter, dear And I wrote back to you:  "Roses are red, my love. Violets are blue. Sugar is sweet, my love. But luck may God bless you." (may God bless you)  Is that your little girl? She looks a lot like you Someday some boy will write In her book, too:  "Roses are red, my love. Violets are blue. Sugar is sweet, my love. But not as sweet as you." (Roses are red) 
before the next teardrop falls-Freddy Fender[SEP]If he brings you happiness Then I wish you all the best It's your happiness that matters most of all But if he ever breaks your heart If the teardrops ever start I'll be there before the next teardrop falls  Si te quiere de verdad Y te da felicidad Te deseo lo mas bueno pa'los dos Pero si te hace llorar A mi me puedes hablar Y estare contigo cuando triste estas  I'll be there anytime you need me by your side To drive away every teardrop that you cried  And if he ever leaves you blue Just remember, I love you And I'll be there before the next teardrop falls And I'll be there before the next teardrop falls 
flashdance... what a feeling-Irene Cara[SEP]First when there's nothing But a slow glowing dream That your fear seems to hide Deep inside your mind  All alone, I have cried Silent tears full of pride In a world made of steel Made of stone  Well, I hear the music Close my eyes, feel the rhythm Wrap around, take a hold of my heart  What a feeling Being's believing I can have it all Now I'm dancing for my life  Take your passion And make it happen Pictures come alive You can dance right through your life  Now I hear the music Close my eyes, I am rhythm In a flash, it takes hold of my heart  What a feeling, being's believing I can have it all Now I'm dancing for my life  Take your passion And make it happen Pictures come alive Now I'm dancing through my life  What a feeling  What a feeling (I am music now) Being's believing (I am rhythm now) Pictures come alive You can dance right through your life  What a feeling (I can really have it all) What a feeling (Pictures come alive when I call) I can have it all (I can really have it all)  Have it all (pictures come alive when I call) (Call, call ,call, call, what a feeling) I can have it all (being's believing) Being's believing (take your passion) (Make it happen) Make it happen (What a feeling) What a feeling 
what's love got to do with it-Tina Turner[SEP]You must understand Though the touch of your hand Makes my pulse react That it's only the thrill Of boy meeting girl Opposites attract  It's physical Only logical You must try to ignore That it means more than that  [Chorus:] Oh what's love got to do, got to do with it What's love but a second hand emotion What's love got to do, got to do with it Who needs a heart When a heart can be broken  It may seem to you That I'm acting confused When you're close to me If I tend to look dazed I've read it someplace I've got cause to be  There's a name for it There's a phrase that fits But whatever the reason You do it for me  [Chorus]  I've been taking on a new direction But I have to say I've been thinking about my own protection It scares me to feel this way  [Chorus]  What's love got to do, got to do with it What's love but a sweet old fashioned notion What's love got to do, got to do with it Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken 
give me everything-Pitbull[SEP][Pitbull - Intro:] Me not working hard? Yeah, right! Picture that with a Kodak Or, better yet, go to Times Square Take a picture of me with a Kodak Took my life from negative to positive I just want y'all know that And tonight, let's enjoy life Pitbull, Nayer, Ne-Yo That's right  [Chorus:] [Ne-Yo] Tonight I want all of you tonight Give me everything tonight For all we know we might not get tomorrow Let's do it tonight  [Nayer] Don't care what they say Or what games they play Nothing is enough 'Til I have your love  [Ne-Yo] Let's do it tonight  [Nayer] I want you tonight, I want you to stay I want you tonight  [Ne-Yo] Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em hey Give me everything tonight Give me everything tonight Give me everything tonight Give me everything tonight  [Verse 1 — Pitbull:] Take advantage of tonight Cause tomorrow I'm off to Dubai to perform for a princess But tonight, I can make you my queen And make love to you endless This is insane: the way the name growin' Money keep flowin' Hustlers move aside So, I'm tiptoein', to keep flowin' I got it locked up like Lindsay Lohan  Put it on my life, baby, I make you feel right, baby Can't promise tomorrow But, I promise tonight Dalé  [Pre-Chorus — Pitbull:] Excuse me (excuse me) And I might drink a little more than I should tonight And I might take you home with me, if I could tonight And, baby, Ima make you feel so good, tonight Cause we might not get tomorrow  [Chorus:] [Ne-Yo] Tonight I want all of you tonight Give me everything tonight For all we know we might not get tomorrow Let's do it tonight  [Nayer] Don't care what they say Or what games they play Nothing is enough 'Til I have your love  [Ne-Yo] Let's do it tonight  [Nayer] I want you tonight, I want you to stay I want you tonight  [Ne-Yo] Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em hey Give me everything tonight Give me everything tonight Give me everything tonight Give me everything tonight  [Verse 2 — Pitbull:] Reach for the stars And if you don't grab 'em, At least you'll fall on top of the world Think about it Cause if you slip, I'm gon' fall on top yo girl (hahaa) What I'm involved with Is deeper than the masons Baby, baby, and it ain't no secret My family's from Cuba But I'm an American Idol Get money like Seacrest  Put it on my life, baby I make you feel right, baby Can't promise tomorrow But, I promise tonight Dalé  [Pre-Chorus — Pitbull:] Excuse me (excuse me) And I might drink a little more than I should tonight And I might take you home with me if I could tonight And baby Ima make you feel so good tonight Cause we might not get tomorrow  [Chorus:] [Ne-Yo] Tonight I want all of you tonight Give me everything tonight For all we know, we might not get tomorrow Let's do it tonight  [Nayer] Don't care what they say Or what games they play Nothing is enough 'Til I have your love  [Ne-Yo] Let's do it tonight  [Nayer] I want you tonight, I want you to stay I want you tonight  [Ne-Yo] Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em hey Give me everything tonight Give me everything tonight Give me everything tonight Give me everything tonight  [Outro — Pitbull:] Excuse me (excuse me) And I might drink a little more than I should tonight And I might take you home with me if I could tonight And baby Ima make you feel so good tonight Cause we might not get tomorrow 
try and love again-Eagles[SEP]When you're out there on your own Where your memories can find you Like a circle goes around You were lost until you found out What it all comes down to  One by one The lonely feelings come Day by day, they slowly fade away  Oh, the look was in her eyes You never know what might be found there She was dancing right in time And the moves she made so fine Like the music that surrounds her  Should I stay or go? I really want to know Would I lose or win If I try and love again? Gonna try and love again I'm gonna try and love again Gonna try and love  Right or wrong, what's done is done It's only moments that you borrow But the thoughts will linger on Of the lady and her song When the sun comes up tomorrow Well, it might take years to see Through all these tears Don't let go When you find it you will know  Oh, gonna try and love again Oh, gonna try and love again Oh, gonna try and love again Sometimes lose, sometimes win, Sometimes you need a friend Gonna try, gonna try Gonna try, gonna try [etc] 
lyin' eyes-Eagles[SEP]City girls just seem to find out early How to open doors with just a smile A rich old man and she won't have to worry She'll dress up all in lace and go in style  Late at night a big old house gets lonely I guess every form of refuge has its price And it breaks her heart to think her love is only Given to a man with hands as cold as ice  So she tells him she must go out for the evening To comfort an old friend who's feelin' down But he knows where she's goin' as she's leavin' She is headed for the cheatin' side of town  You can't hide your lyin' eyes And your smile is a thin disguise I thought by now you'd realize There ain't no way to hide your lying eyes  On the other side of town a boy is waiting With fiery eyes and dreams no one could steal She drives on through the night anticipating 'Cause he makes her feel the way she used to feel  She rushes to his arms, they fall together She whispers that it's only for awhile She swears that soon she'll be comin' back forever She pulls away and leaves him with a smile  You can't hide your lyin' eyes And your smile is a thin disguise I thought by now you'd realize There ain't no way to hide your lyin' eyes  She gets up and pours herself a strong one And stares out at the stars up in the sky Another night, it's gonna be a long one She draws the shade and hangs her head to cry  She wonders how it ever got this crazy She thinks about a boy she knew in school Did she get tired or did she just get lazy? She's so far gone she feels just like a fool  My, oh my, you sure know how to arrange things You set it up so well, so carefully Ain't it funny how your new life didn't change things You're still the same old girl you used to be  You can't hide your lying eyes And your smile is a thin disguise I thought by now you'd realize There ain't no way to hide your lyin' eyes There ain't no way to hide your lyin' eyes Honey, you can't hide your lyin' eyes 
one of these nights-Eagles[SEP]One of these nights One of these crazy old nights We're gonna find out Pretty mama What turns on your lights The full moon is calling The fever is high And the wicked wind whispers And moans  You got your demons And you got desires Well, I got a few of my own  Oh, someone to be kind to in Between the dark and the light Oh, coming right behind you Swear I'm gonna find you One of these nights  One of these dreams One of these lost and lonely dreams now We're gonna find one One that really screams  I've been searching for the daughter Of the devil himself I've been searching for an angel in white I've been waiting for a woman who's a little Of both And I can feel her but she's nowhere In sight  Oh, loneliness will blind you In between the wrong and the right Oh, coming right behind you Swear I'm gonna find you One of these nights  One of these nights In between the dark and the light Coming right behind you Swear I'm gonna find you Get ya baby one of these nights  One of these nights One of these nights  I can feel it I can feel it One of these nights Coming right behind you Swear I'm gonna find you now One of these nights  And it gets so dark, so dark In the cold and lonely One of these nights One of these crazy, crazy, crazy nights One of these nights Swear I'm gonna find you Coming right behind you now One of these nights Ooh ooh  One of these nights Ah and I wanna say ah! One of these nights Yes ah one of these one of these One of these nights Ah coming right behind you Swear I'm gonna find you One of these nights One of these nights One of these crazy old nights One of these nights 
it's your world now-Eagles[SEP]A perfect day, the sun is sinkin' low As evening falls, the gentle breezes blow The time we shared went by so fast Just like a dream, we knew it couldn't last But I'd do it all again If I could, somehow But I must be leavin' soon It's your world now  It's your world now My race is run I'm moving on Like the setting sun No sad goodbyes No tears allowed You'll be alright It's your world now  Even when we are apart You'll always be in my heart When dark clouds appear in the sky Remember true love never dies  But first a kiss, one glass of wine Just one more dance while there's still time My one last wish: someday, you'll see How hard I tried and how much you meant to me  It's your world now Use well the time Be part of something good Leave something good behind The curtain falls I take my bow That's how it's meant to be It's your world now It's your world now It's your world now 
last good time in town-Eagles[SEP]I like to go out every now and then I can't wait to do it again But I haven't had the time Lately  I like to step out every once in a while I kind of like to do it in style I haven't had the time Lately  Lately I've been stayin' at home (Stayin' at home, stayin' at home) Workin' the crosswords, turn off the phone (Turn off the phone, turn off the phone)  And I dream I'm on vacation 'Cause I like the way that sounds It's a perfect occupation For me I don't mind being by myself If there's no one else around It's the last good time in town  Well, I could stand up straight, get a real job Stay up late with the same old mob But it hasn't crossed my mind Lately  Put on a suit, work downtown Then come up when the sun goes down No, I haven't had the time Lately  Lately I've been stayin' at home (Stayin' at home, stayin' at home) Closin' the curtains, play jazz on trombone (Jazz on trombone, jazz on trombone)  And I dream I'm on vacation No, you won't see me around It's a perfect situation For me I don't mind being by myself 'Cause I know you'll come on down It's the last good time in town  Lately I've been stayin' at home (Stayin' at home, stayin' at home) Workin' the crosswords, turn off the phone (Turn off the phone, turn off the phone)  And I dream I'm on vacation 'Cause I like the way that sounds It's a perfect occupation For me, yes it is I don't mind being by myself If you don't see me around It's the last good time, last good time in town 
take it easy-Eagles[SEP]Well, I'm a-running down the road Tryin' to loosen my load I've got seven women on my mind Four that wanna own me Two that wanna stone me One says she's a friend of mine  Take it easy, take it easy Don't let the sound of your own wheels drive you crazy Lighten up while you still can Don't even try to understand Just find a place to make your stand And take it easy  Well, I'm a-standing on a corner In Winslow, Arizona Such a fine sight to see It's a girl, my Lord In a flat-bed Ford Slowin' down to take a look at me  Come on, baby Don't say "Maybe" I gotta know If your sweet love Is gonna save me We may lose and we may win Though we will never be here again So open up, I'm climbin' in So take it easy  Well, I'm running down the road Trying to loosen my load Got a world of trouble on my mind Lookin' for a lover Who won't blow my cover She's so hard to find  Take it easy, take it easy Don't let the sound of your own wheels make you crazy Come on, baby Don't say "Maybe" I gotta know If your sweet love Is gonna save me  Oh we got it easy We oughta take it easy 
outlaw man-Eagles[SEP]I am an outlaw, I was born an outlaw's son The highway is my legacy On the highway I will run In one hand I've a Bible In the other I've got a gun Well, don' you know me I'm the man who won Woman don't try to love me Don't try to understand A life upon the road is the life of an outlaw man  First left my woman, it was down in Santa Fe Headed for Oklahoma, I was ridin' night and day All of my friends are strangers, They quickly come and go  And all my love's in danger, 'Cause I steal hearts and souls Woman, don't try to love me Don't try to understand A life upon the road is the life of an outlaw man oo....  Woman, don't try to love me Don't try to understand A life upon the road is the life of an outlaw man  Some me call me Abel, Some men call me Cain, Some men call me sinner, Lord Some men call me saint  Some say there's a Jesus Some men say there ain't When you got no life to lose Then there's nothin' left to gain Outlaw man Outlaw man 
the sad cafe-Eagles[SEP]Out in the shiny night, the rain Was softly falling The tracks that ran down the boulevard had All been washed away  Out of the silver light, the past came softly calling And I remember the times we spent Inside the Sad Cafe  Oh, it seemed like a holy place Protected by amazing grace And we would sing right out loud, the Things we could not say We thought we could change this world With words like "love" and "freedom" We were part of the lonely crowd Inside the Sad Cafe  Oh, expecting to fly We would meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by  Some of their dreams came true Some just passed away And some of them stayed behind Inside the Sad Cafe  The clouds rolled in and hid that shore Now that Glory Train, it don't stop here no more Now I look at the years gone by And wonder at the powers that be I don't know why fortune smiles on some And lets the rest go free  Maybe the time has drawn the faces I recall But things in this life change very slowly If they ever change at all No use in asking why It just turned out that way So meet me at midnight baby Inside the Sad Cafe Why don't you meet me at midnight, babe Inside the Sad Cafe 
i can't tell you why-Eagles[SEP]Look at us baby, up all night Tearing our love apart Aren't we the same two people Who lived through years in the dark?  Every time I try to walk away Something makes me turn around and stay And I can't tell you why  When we get crazy It just ain't right (try to keep your head, little girl) Girl, I get lonely, too You don't have to worry Just hold on tight (don't get caught in your little world) 'Cause I love you  Nothing's wrong as far as I can see We make it harder than it has to be And I can't tell you why No, baby, I can't tell you why I can't tell you why  Every time I try to walk away Something makes me turn around and stay And I can't tell you why  No, no, baby, I can't tell you why I can't tell you why I can't tell you why, no 
chug all night-Eagles[SEP]You scare me a bit, But that's all right You know when I want you Most every night  And I've been meaning to tell you, baby that it makes no sense Still I'm finally convinced  I believe we could chug all night I believe we could hug all night The band is loose and the groove is right You're so much woman Believe we could chug all night  On the day that I die, Well, I just might scream If I'm alive in the morning I'll be alive in a dream  You better listen to me, baby 'Cause you know that I'm hung on you 'Til I'm blind and black and blue No one else will do  I do believe we can chug all night I do believe we can hug all night The band is loose and the groove is right You're so much woman Believe we could chug all night  No woman ever do what you do High on a pleasure wheel No devil ever cast a voodoo So long and dark and real  We're gonna do a little chugging We're gonna do a little hugging The band is loose and the groove is right I'm wired for sound Are you wired for light? And you're so much woman, I believe we can chug all night  I said yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Woo! It's only midnight, baby Come on and do it to me 
new york minute-Eagles[SEP]Harry got up Dressed all in black Went down to the station And he never came back They found his clothing Scattered somewhere down the track And he won't be down on Wall Street in the morning  He had a home The love of a girl But men get lost sometimes As years unfurl One day he crossed some line And he was too much in this world But I guess it doesn't matter anymore  In a New York Minute Everything can change In a New York Minute Things can get pretty strange In a New York Minute Everything can change In a New York Minute  Lying here in the darkness You hear the sirens wail Somebody going to emergency Somebody's going to jail If you find somebody to love in this world You better hang on tooth and nail The wolf is always at the door  In a New York Minute Everything can change In a New York Minute Things can get a little strange In a New York Minute Everything can change In a New York Minute  And in these days When darkness falls early And people rush home To the ones they love You better take a fool's advice And take care of your own 'Cause one day they're here; Next day they're gone  I pulled my coat around my shoulders And took a walk down through the park The leaves were falling around me The groaning city in the gathering dark On some solitary rock A desperate lover left his mark, He said "Baby, I've changed. Please come back."  What the head makes cloudy The heart makes very clear I know the days were so much brighter In the time when she was here But I know there's somebody somewhere Make these dark clouds disappear Until that day, I have to believe I believe, I believe  In a New York Minute Everything can change In a New York Minute Things can get really strange In a New York Minute Everything can change In a New York Minute 
tryin'-Eagles[SEP]I'm just arriving in the city And there's music on my mind Lookin' for my destination And my home is far behind  'Cause it's a long road ahead And you can make it in the end I'm gonna make it with my friends And I'm tryin'  It took me sometime to see it Now I'm looking through this world And it's gonna take some time Before I get back, help me, girl  'Cause you can make it if you try You gotta lay it on the line And everything will be fine If you try  Sittin' smokin' just a-thinkin' Is an easy thing to do We gotta keep on trying For the feelin' to come through  And it's a lonely way to live You gotta take it, you gotta give If you mistake it, just try again And I'm trying,  Ah, we got to keep on trying Ah, we got to keep on trying Ah, we got to keep on trying Ah, we got to keep on trying Whoa, I'm trying We got to keep on trying Whoa, I'm trying We got to keep on trying We got to keep on trying 
nine lives-Def Leppard[SEP][Tim McGraw] Is your luck enough is your touch enough C'mon girl can you keep it up is your bluff enough  [Def Leppard] Are you tough enough is your stuff enough can you start it up are you sharp enough let it roll, let em go, let em fly took a chance on a chance but the aces were high get it on, give it up, give it in you stole the wages of sin got to be in it to win  [Chorus] nine lives, nine times to die I've been bitten once but I won't be twice shy nine lives, nine times to die come on and show me your hand cause it's your time to cry  Have you lost your touch are the stakes too much did you spin the wheel and could you close a deal. Yeah, yeah! let it roll, let em go, give em style took a chance on a chance but the deuces were wild get it on, give it up, give it in you stole the wages of sin cause you're in it to win  [Chorus] Nine lives, nine times to die I've been bitten once but I won't be twice shy nine lives, nine times to die come on and show me your hand cause it's your turn to cry  Hey!  Let it roll, let em go, let em fly took a chance on a chance but the aces were high get it on, give it up, give it in you stole the wages of sin got to be in it to win  [Chorus] Nine lives, nine times to die I've been bitten once but I won't be twice shy nine lives, nine times to die come on and show me your hand cause it's your turn to cry  Nine lives, nine times to die I've been bitten once but I won't be shy twice Nine lives, nine times to die It's Russian roulette With every roll of your dice  And nine lives is all we're gonna get .. I said all we're gonna get yeah .. nine lives, nine times to die you've just bitten less than your nine lives 
stand up (kick love into motion)-Def Leppard[SEP]I gotta know right now It's got to be this time I wanna show you how Gonna make you change your mind There's an empty chair at my table There's an empty look in your eyes  I just happen to be a man And you happen to be a woman And we happen to be together Try to stop this thing comin'  Stand up, kick love into motion Take a little love and shake it all around, Stand up, kick love into motion Take me in your arms and throw me to the ground  Down to the ground, baby c'mon Stand up for love  I'm gonna play your game I wanna play with fire I want to breathe your air Baby, gonna take you there If you lay your cards on the table I'll lay my love on the line Till you're mine  [Repeat Bridge] [Repeat Chorus]  You couldn't get it much better You never had it so good Stand up together And when you're ready to You're gonna get what you should  Little by little Like a fine wine My love is like a motor Runnin' all the time Step by step Easy and slow On the stairway to heaven What a way to go  [Repeat Chorus]  Stand up, kick love into motion Take me in your arms And show me what you found Stand up, kick love into motion My love is like a motor Runnin' all the time Stand up, yeah, kick love into motion I said step by step Go easy, go slow Stand up, yeah, Stand up, kick love into motion Yeah, on a stairway to heaven What a way to go, stand up 
women-Def Leppard[SEP]Ooh we ooh Ooh wee ooh In the beginning God made the land Then He made the water and creatures, then He made man  He was born with a passion, love and hate A restless spirit with a need for a mate But there was somethin' that was missin', somethin' lost So he came with the answer, here's what it cost  One part love, one part wild One part lady, one part child I give you  Women! women! - Lots of pretty women Men! men! - They can't live without them Women! women! - Lots of pretty women Men! men! - They can't live without them  And in the garden, lust began The animal instinct, the wanton man She fed him with a hunger, an appetite And fillin' with emotion he took a bite  It was one part love, one part child One part lover, one part wild I give you  [Repeat Chorus]  Skin on skin Let the love begin Women!  [guitar solo]  It was one part love, one part wild One part lover, one part child A whole lotta fire, a little bit of ice A whole lotta somethin' you can't sacrifice I give you  Hair, eyes, skin on skin Legs - Legs Thighs - Thighs  What's that spell? (Spell? what's that spell?) (What's that spell?) What's that spell? (What's that spell?) (Women, women) Oh! oh! oh! Oh! oh! oh!  Women - Women Women Callin' every girl Women women All around the world Women - Women! Women Oh, we can't live without them Women women  [guitar solo] 
excitable-Def Leppard[SEP]"Are you excitable?" (Stand up, say yeah, stand up) (Stand up, say yeah, stand up, never go down) Hey! Hey! Check it out!  Ah, this o-o-obsession It's gettin' a-invitin' A little (a) X-rated A little bit excitin'  Stand up - stand up Say yeah Stand up - stand up Stand up - stand up Say yeah Say yeah  Stand up - C'mon get in the groove Ya know I get so - Excitable I really get so - Excitable I wanna get you - Excitable  So c'mon, let's go! Ah, baby, don't say no  (Oooh) Ah, this te-temptation It gets-a a-outrageous Ha! It's such (a) a sensation A little bit co-contagious  [Repeat Bridge]  [Repeat Chorus]  So baby, let's go!  [interlude]  "Are you excitable?" - "Are you excitable?" This o-o-obsession Check it out Hey!  Inch by inch, mile by mile, what I do I do in style You got your leather, la-lace, long and lean Ballistic (a) lipstick dream machine  You got to do it! Ah, do it, do it! Hey, c'mon and do it!  [Repeat Chorus]  So, c'mon, let's go!  [Repeat Chorus]  Ya got me shiverin' - Excitable Shakin' and shiverin' 
rock! rock! till you drop-Def Leppard[SEP]Hold onto your hat, hold onto your heart Ready, get set to tear this place apart Don't need a ticket, only place in town That'll take you up to heaven and never bring you down Anything goes! Anything goes!  Women to the left, Women to the right There to entertain and take you thru the night So grab a little heat and come along with me 'Cause your mama don't mind what your mama don't see Anything goes! Anything goes!  Rock! Rock! till you drop Rock! Rock! never stop Rock! Rock! till you drop I say Rock! Rock! to the top  Ridin' into danger, laughin' all the way Fast, free and easy, livin' for today Gotta lip service, get it while you can Hot, sweat 'n' nervous love on demand Anything goes! Anything goes!  Rock! Rock! Give it to me It's what I got goin' thru' me Don't ever stop do it to me Yeah, Rock! Rock! You really move me  Hold on, hold on, hold tight We're gonna rock tonight Too loud man, too loud 
you got me runnin'-Def Leppard[SEP]Hang on Yeah Ha ha ha ha ha I don't care too much For your backstabbin' and side steppin' You're all sweet talk, you're all lust You're the kind, yeah, I don't trust I gotta get out, step aside Before you damage my pride  Let me through don't spoil my view I gotta get away, away from you Oh no no never thought I'd feel so low  You got me runnin' You got me runnin' I ain't gonna hide  And yesterday everything seemed okay Yeah you better run and hide away Oh you better hide  You're out, out on the street But I'm back on my feet I might lose it, so get wise Stop your usin' and your lies Oh my friend don't stick around Your time is up, the chips are down  [Repeat Bridge]  [Repeat Chorus]  And yesterday everything seemed okay Yeah you better run and hide away Oh you better hide You got me runnin' - You got me runnin' You got me runnin' - You got me runnin' You got me runnin' - You got me runnin' You got me runnin', runnin', runnin'  C'mon Whoah Oh oh oh Oh yeah Runnin' and runnin' Runnin' Oh Watch me run Runnin', runnin', runnin'  Oh no no never thought I'd feel so low You got me runnin' You got me runnin' I ain't gonna hide  And yesterday everything seemed okay Yeah you better run and hide away Oh you better hide  You got me runnin' - You got me runnin' You got me runnin' - You got me runnin' You got me runnin' - You got me runnin'  You got me runnin' - You got me runnin' You got me runnin' - You got me runnin' You can't say no no more You got me runnin' - You got me runnin' You got me runnin' - You got me runnin' 
girl like you-Def Leppard[SEP]Boy meets girl in prime of life Blinded by big city lights I'm on fire and you're the flame You inspire the road I take You take me to a better place You're the sun and I'm the rain  You're all that I need To make me believe I'm over the edge But I'm not afraid 'Cause I know it's true  With a girl like you, like you To be by my side, like you With a girl like you, like you, like you Love me for the inside, ahh, like you With a girl like you, like you I set the scene to follow, like you With a girl like you, like you, like you Love for all tomorrow, ohh, like you With a girl like you  You were raised to be so good I grew up misunderstood We were distant worlds apart Feels so right, it's meant to be Shooting stars and chemistry They unite a beating heart  You're pulling me up I can't get enough Coming off strong But I'm not that tough Well I know it's true  With a girl like you, like you To be by my side, like you With a girl like you, like you, like you Love me for the inside, ahh, like you With a girl like you, like you I set the scene to follow, like you With a girl like you, like you, like you Love for all tomorrow, ohh, like you With a girl like you, you  With a girl like you, like you, like you To be by my side, like you With a girl like you, like you Love me for the inside, ahh, like you With a girl like you, like you, like you I set the scene to follow, like you With a girl like you, like you, like you Love for all tomorrow, ohh, like you With a girl like you 
work it out-Def Leppard[SEP]Day and night black and white You take it all for granted I'm the one who turns you on  When you don't know where you belong And nothin' seems to matter I'm the one who's holding on  It's alright to be wrong All we need's a little time But nothing here can last that long  We show the world a brand new face It's taken us all this time All this time All of this doubt We get to work it out All of this doubt We get to work it out  Yesterday lost your way Still looking for an answer I'm the one who holds the key  When you don't know where you belong And nothing seems to matter I'll unlock this mystery  [Repeat Chorus]  [Guitar Solo]  [Repeat Chorus]  All of this doubt Day and night - Black and White Take it all for granted We get to work it out I'm the one who turns you on Turns you on - Turns you on All of this doubt  When you don't know where you belong And nothin' seems to matter We get to work it out I'm the one who's holdin' on Holdin' on - Holdin' on 
sorrow is a woman-Def Leppard[SEP]You're always pretending to be Someone who prefers to be free You think you can fool me with your lyin' eyes But what is this game that you play When all that your trying to say Is that your lonely, in need of a friend  Oh yeah sorrow woman, I just can't seem to get to you Oh yeah sorrow woman, if only you could see you as I do  And can't you see that it's true There's someone as lonely as you Trying so hard, so hard to get through And why can't everyone see the way that it really should be Why hide your feelings and suffer the pain  Oh yeah, sorrow woman, I just can't seem to get to you Oh yeah, sorrow woman, if only you could see you as I do  You know that sorrow is a woman You know she'll make you feel sad You know that sorrow is a woman  Oh yeah, sorrow woman, I just can't seem to get to you Oh yeah, sorrow woman, if only you could see you as I do 
i wanna touch you-Def Leppard[SEP]I wanna touch U - Till we're stuck like glue I wanna touch U - Yeah  I get high on U I'm on fire over U And I can't let U go I can't let U go  I got love on the rise And I burn like a fire Got my eye on the prize Got love in my sights And I can't let U go I can't let U go  Give me no reasons Give me no rhymes Give me that feelin' All of the time  I wanna touch U - Till we're stuck like glue I wanna touch U - Yeah, baby, that is true I wanna touch U - Nobody else will do, no I wanna touch U - 'Cos a little too much Could never be enough, no  I get wired on U And I thrill to your touch Yeah, I excite over U Can't stop this landslide of love And I can't let U go I can't let U go, oh  [Repeat Bridge] [Repeat Chorus]  [Repeat Bridge]  I wanna touch U - Till we're stuck like glue I wanna touch U - I wanna touch U, yeah I wanna touch U - Oh, till we get it right I wanna touch U - Yeah, make it last all night I wanna touch U - Baby U excite I wanna touch U - 'Cos a little too much Could never be enough, now 
scar-Def Leppard[SEP]Ooohhhahhhhh  How can I know How can I see it through your eyes Now you know All those promises were lies  You close your eyes You close your mind To all you lost I count the days I count the ways I count the cost  All that you are, no conscience All you believe, no pride All that you take, no reason All that you leave, no right All that you lose, no sorrow All that you find, no shame Can't take away the scar you left behind  How do you cry When you've run right of tears You justify But the pain won't disappear  I count the days I count the ways I count the cost  All that you are, no conscience All you believe, no pride All that you take, no reason All that you leave, no right All that you lose, no sorrow All that you find, no shame Can't take away the scar you left  You close your eyes You close your mind To all you lost I count the days I count the ways I count the cost  All that you are, no conscience All you believe, no pride All that you take, no reason All that you leave, no right All that you lose, no sorrow All that you find, no shame Can't take away the scar you left behind  Ooohhh ahhhhh 
gimme a job(bonus track)-Def Leppard[SEP]I need a job I need it right now Not just any old job But I need it right now  It's gotta be a good one It's gotta last Longer than the other ones In the past  I can work hard And do my thing Twenty-four seven Anything  Yeah  Gimme a job My love is unemployed Gimme a job And my heart ain't overjoyed Gimme a job I don't mean to be paranoid So come on over baby And gimme a job  Oh yeah  I don't care If the pay's no good Just gimme some shelter And throw me some food  I can do the overtime And I won't strike Sign on the dotted line Anything you like  Yeah  Gimme a job My love is unemployed Gimme a job And my heart ain't overjoyed Gimme a job I don't mean to sound paranoid So come on over baby And gimme a job  I don't need no money To make my dream come true I don't need anything All I want is you  Ain't that the truth!  Uh!  Gimme a job My love is unemployed Gimme a job And my heart ain't overjoyed Gimme a job I don't mean to be paranoid So come on over baby  Gimme a job My love is on it's knees Gimme a job If you want it, then baby please Gimme a job Get me out of this deep, deep freeze So come on over baby And gimme a job 
it could be you-Def Leppard[SEP]Who's the one to knock me over Who's the one to take me by surprise Who's the one who's out to get me Who will share my fantasy tonight  It could be you, it could be me It could be anyone It could be you, it could be me It could be you, it could be anyone  Do you really know the story? Have you really come to see the band? Can you reach out for the glory? Can you feel the nearness of my hand?  It could be you, it could be me It could be anyone  If you look a little harder You can see we're really all the same And if you look a little deeper Can't you see it's really all a game?  It could be you, it could be me It could be anyone It could be you, it could be me It could be you, it could be anyone 
miss you in a heartbeat (electric version)-Def Leppard[SEP]I believe, that there's something deep inside That shouldn't be from time to time. I sure found out, thought love was such a crime The more you care, the more you fall No need to worry, no need to turn away 'Cause it don't matter, anyway  (oohh oohh oohh) I miss you in a heartbeat (oohh oohh oohh) I miss you right away (oohh oohh oohh) I miss you in a heartbeat 'cause it ain't love, if it don't feel that way oh no  When we touch, I just lose my self control A sad sensation I can't hide To love is easy, it ain't easy to walk away I keep the faith and there's a reason why, yeah No need to worry, no need to turn away 'Cause it don't matter, anyway  [Repeat Chorus]  Now, I ain't big on promises, I'll be true to you 'Cause I'd do 'bout anything, yeah for some one like, baby for you  [Repeat Chorus] 
two steps behind (electric version)-Def Leppard[SEP]Walk away if you want to It's ok, if you need to You can run, but you can never hide See my shadow come creeping up beside you There's a magic running through your soul But you can't have it all  Whatever you do I'll be two steps behind you Wherever you go and I'll be there to remind you that it only takes a minute of your precious time to turn around and I'll be two steps behind.  Take the time and think about it Walk the line, you just can't fight it Look around and see what you can find Like a fire that's burning up inside me, There's a magic running through your soul But you can't have it all  [Repeat Chorus]  (so watch out)  There's a magic running through your soul but you can't have it all, no,  [Repeat Chorus]  Just turn around, I'll be two steps behind I'll be two steps behind you and I'll be there to remind you, yeeeeaaah, yeeeeeeah 
day after day-Def Leppard[SEP]You know me, just look in my eyes I shed my skin, got a new disguise My heart still beats and I'm still the same Do you know my name  It's everything you've ever seen It's every dream you've broken It's only when you keep your eyes wide open  Like a circle of light spinnin' out of control and I just can't let go  Day after day there's a voice deep inside me Day after day there's the ghost of a lie Every belief that has come back to find me Day after day and it follows me blindly Day after day  I feel you, you're under my skin You look in the mirror, you know where I've been My heart still beats but it's not the same Don't you know my name  I'm always there to keep your eyes wide open  Like a circle of light spinnin' out of control And I just can't let go  Day after day there's a voice deep inside me Day after day there's the ghost of a lie Every belief that has come back to find me Day after day and it follows me blindly Day after day  Like a circle of light spinnin' out of control And I just can't let go  Day after day there's a voice deep inside me Day after day there's the ghost of a lie Every belief that has come back to find me Day after day and it follows me blindly Day after day  Day after day  Day after day there's a voice deep inside me Day after day there's the ghost of a lie Every belief that has come back to find me Day after day and it follows me blindly Day after day 
go-Def Leppard[SEP]This is a truth adjust Has to be told, it must We spread amongst us so the world can hear it We got to get it right This time, if we just fight Innocence starts tonight If we can heal it  [Bridge:] We look to our leaders with the lies they try to feed us Like a knife they try to bleed us And they cut us real slow  [Chorus:] So go, Just go Just go You hide behind your mask of desperation Go Just go Just go I won't surrender to the last temptation  You have no dignity I have no sympathy You are my enemy But i can't see you  No matter where you run Thy kingdom will be done A rocket to the sun Is where I see you  Endless senses get ecstatic Overflow is automatic Feel the need to feel erratic Don't deny it let it flow  So go, Just go Just go You hide behind your mask of desperation Go Just go Just go I won't surrender to this fake salvation  [Bridge]  [Chorus] 
me and my wine (remix)-Def Leppard[SEP]Oh yeah C'mon Oh yeah Oh Well I'm down in the alley of sally And I'm feeling my way And it's four in the morning I don't have a lot I can say  I know I'm looking for some satisfaction But there ain't much news Got some walking from a back reaction I'm hanging down and loose  Oh me and the boys have been drinking Feeling like this is the wrong time for thinking All I can say is I'm doing fine with just me and my wine  Now my brain and my body are runnin' on different rails And I died and just say hi what if all else fails Oh I woke up in a subway station Lying half dead on the floor I don't remember anything that happened the night before  [Repeat Chorus]  Now listen My hair's a real mess I feel and look like a joke And there's a hole in my jeans I just went right of smokes You know I'd like to get to know you But I ain't got the time I'm tryin' harder and harder To make this damn thing right Just me and my wine  Well just me and my wine You know that I'm doing fine Well just me and my wine Ow Thank you 
wasted-Def Leppard[SEP]Well I've been lying awake all night just thinking of you But a bottle of whiskey lies heavy obstructing my view I've got a bottle of pills to give me my thrills And I know that I'm leading a life that kills  Wasted - I've wasted my time Wasted - I'm shooting a line Wasted - I'm stuck in a hole Wasted - I'm losing control  And I've been meaning to call, I've been wanting to phone You see I don't like the thought of leaving you here alone Well I've seen things down here that are fit for a queen I've seen things down here that should never be seen  Wasted - I've wasted my money Wasted - I've wasted you honey Wasted - I'm out of my brain Wasted - I'm going insane  I'm running in thin air There's nothingness everywhere I've gotta get out, oh won't you help me? I've gotta get out, oh won't you help me? I've gotta get out, oh won't you help me get out?  I thought I saw you just the other day But it couldn't be you 'cos you had nothing to say 'He's going away', they told all my friends Well now I'll be stuck in here til the misery ends  Wasted - I've wasted my time Wasted - I'm shooting a line Wasted - I'm out of my head Wasted - I wish I was dead 
20th century boy-Def Leppard[SEP]Friends say it's fine Friends say it's good Everybody says it's just like Robin Hood I move like a cat Crawl like a rat Sting like a bee Babe I'm gonna be your man  And it's plain to see You were meant for me Yeah, I'm your toy Your 20th Century boy  Friends say it's fine Friends say it's good Everybody says it's just like Robin Hood Fly like a plane Drive like a car Ball like a hound Babe I'm gonna be your man  And it's plain to see You were meant for me Yeah, I'm your toy Your 20th Century boy 20th Century boy, I wanna be your toy [4x]  Friends say it's fine Friends say it's good Everybody says it's just like Robin Hood I move like a cat Crawl like a rat Sting like a bee Babe I'm gonna be your man  And it's plain to see You were meant for me Yeah I'm your toy Your 20th Century boy 20th Century boy, I wanna be your toy [4x] 
keep on loving you-REO Speedwagon[SEP]You should've seen by the look in my eyes, baby There was something missin' You should've known by the tone of my voice, maybe But you didn't listen  You played dead But you never bled Instead you lay still in the grass All coiled up and hissin'  And though I know all about those men Still I don't remember 'Cause it was us baby, way before them And we're still together  And I meant every word I said When I said that I love you I meant that I love you forever  And I'm gonna keep on lovin' you Cause it's the only thing I wanna do I don't wanna sleep I just wanna keep on lovin' you  And I meant every word I said When I said that I love you I meant that I love you forever  And I'm gonna keep on lovin' you Cause it's the only thing I wanna do I don't wanna sleep I just wanna keep on lovin' you  Baby, I'm gonna keep on lovin' you Cause it's the only thing I wanna do I don't wanna sleep I just wanna keep on lovin' you 
without you-Harry Nilsson[SEP]No, I can't forget this evening Or your face as you were leaving But I guess that's just the way the story goes You always smile but in your eyes your sorrow shows Yes, it shows  No, I can't forget tomorrow When I think of all my sorrow When I had you there, but then I let you go And now it's only fair that I should let you know What you should know  I can't live if living is without you I can't live, I can't give anymore I can't live if living is without you I can't give, I can't give anymore  Well, I can't forget this evening Or your face as you were leaving But I guess that's just the way the story goes You always smile but in your eyes your sorrow shows Yes, it shows  I can't live if living is without you I can't live, I can't give anymore I can't live if living is without you I can't live, I can't give anymore If living is without you 
crying-Roy Orbison[SEP]I was all right for awhile I could smile for awhile But I saw you last night You held my hand so tight As you stopped to say, "Hello"  Oh, you wished me well You, you couldn't tell That I'd been crying over you Crying over you  When you said, "So long" Left me standing all alone Alone and crying, crying Crying, crying  It's hard to understand But the touch of your hand Can start me crying  I thought that I was over you But it's true, so true I love you even more Than I did before  But, darling, what can I do? For you don't love me And I'll always be crying over you Crying over you  Yes, now you're gone And from this moment on I'll be crying, crying Crying, crying Yeah, crying, crying Over you 
oh, pretty woman-Roy Orbison[SEP]Pretty woman, walking down the street Pretty woman, the kind I like to meet Pretty woman I don't believe you, you're not the truth No one could look as good as you  Mercy  Pretty woman, won't you pardon me? Pretty woman, I couldn't help but see Pretty woman That you look lovely as can be Are you lonely just like me?  Wow  Pretty woman, stop a while Pretty woman, talk a while Pretty woman, give your smile to me Pretty woman, yeah, yeah, yeah Pretty woman, look my way Pretty woman, say you'll stay with me  'Cause I need you, I'll treat you right Come with me baby, be mine tonight  Pretty woman, don't walk on by Pretty woman, don't make me cry Pretty woman, don't walk away, hey... OK  If that's the way it must be, OK I guess I'll go on home, it's late There'll be tomorrow night, but wait What do I see?  Is she walking back to me? Yeah, she's walking back to me Oh, oh, pretty woman 
dancing machine-Jackson 5[SEP]Dancing, dancing, dancing She's a dancing machine Ah babe Move it baby  Automatic Systematic Full of color self contained Tuned and channeled to your vibes Captivating Stimulating She's such a sexy lady Filled with space age design  She's moving She's grooving dancing until the music stop now Yea  Rythmetic acrobatic She's a dynamite attraction At the drop of a coin she comes alive Yeah She knows what she's doing She super bad now She's geared to blow your mind  Dancing, dancing, dancing She's a dancing machine Ah babe Do it baby  Dancing, dancing, dancing She's a dancing machine Ah babe Move it baby  She's a dance, dance, dance, dance, dancing machine Watch her get down, watch her get down As she do, do, do her thing Right on the scene  She's a dance, dance, dance, dance, dancing machine Watch her get down, watch her get down As she do, do, do her thing Right on the scene  Come on babe Come on babe Babe Babe Shake it baby Shake it babe Babe Babe Babe  Dance Dance Dance Dance  I like it I like I love you She's a dance, dance, dance, dance, dancing machine Watch her get down, watch her get down As she do, do, do her thing Right on the scene  She's a dance, dance, dance, dance, dancing machine Watch her get down, watch her get down 
i'll be there-Jackson 5[SEP]You and I must make a pact, we must bring salvation back Where there is love, I'll be there  I'll reach out my hand to you, I'll have faith in all you do Just call my name and I'll be there  And oh - I'll be there to comfort you Build my world of dreams around you, I'm so glad that I found you I'll be there with a love that's strong I'll be your strength, I'll keep holding on - yes I will, yes I will  Let me fill your heart with joy and laughter Togetherness, well that's all I'm after Whenever you need me, I'll be there I'll be there to protect you, with an unselfish love I respect you Just call my name and I'll be there  And oh - I'll be there to comfort you Build my world of dreams around you, I'm so glad that I found you I'll be there with a love that's strong I'll be your strength, I'll keep holding on - yes I will, yes I will  If you should ever find someone new, I know he'd better be good to you 'Cos if he doesn't, I'll be there  Don 't you know, baby, yeah yeah I'll be there, I'll be there, just call my name, I'll be there  (Just look over your shoulders, honey - ooh)  I'll be there, I'll be there, whenever you need me, I'll be there  Don't you know, baby, yeah yeah  I'll be there, I'll be there, just call my name, I'll be there 
peron's latest flame-Madonna[SEP][Che:] At the watering holes of the well-to-do I detect a resistance to [Aristocrats:] Precisely [Che:] Our heroine's style [Aristocrats:] We're glad you noticed  [Che:] The shooting sticks of the upper-class [Aristocrats:] Give her an inch [Che:] Aren't supporting a single ass That would rise for the girl [Aristocrats:] She'll take a mile  [Aristocrats:] Such a shame she wandered into our enclosure How unfortunate this person has forced us to be blunt No we wouldn't mind seeing her at Harrod's But behind the jewelry counter, not in front  [Che:] Could there be in our fighting corps A lack of enthusiasm for [Army:] Exactly [Che:] Peron's latest flame [Army:] You said it brother  [Che:] Should you wish to cause great distress In the tidiest officer's mess Just mention her name  [Army:] That isn't funny  Peron is a fool, breaking every taboo Installing a girl in the army H.Q. And she's an actress, the last straw Her only good parts are between her thighs She should stare at the ceiling, not reach for the skies Or she could be his last whore  The evidence suggests She has other interests If it's her who's using him He's exceptionally dim Bitch! Dangerous Jade  [Aristocrats:] We have allowed ourselves to slip We have completely lost our grip We have declined to an all-time low Tarts have become the set to know  [Eva:] I am only a radio star with just one weekly show But speaking as one of the people I want you to know We are tired of the decline of Argentina With no sign of a government able to give us the things we deserve  [Army:] It's no crime for officers to do as they please As long as they're discreet and keep clear of disease We ignore, we disregard But once they allow a bit on the side To move to the center where she's not qualified We are forced to mark his card  She should get into her head She should not get out of bed She should know that she's not paid To be loud but to be laid Slut! Dangerous Jade  [Che:] This has really been your year, Miss Duarte Tell us where you go from here, Miss Duarte Which are the roles that you yearn to play? Whom did you sleep ... dine with yesterday?  [Eva:] Acting is limiting, the line's not mine That's no help to the Argentine  [Che:] Can we assume then that you'll quit? Is this because of your involvement with Colonel Peron?  [Heavies:] Goodnight and thank you  [Army:] She won't be kept happy by her nights on the tiles She says it's his body, but she's after his files So get back on to the street  She should get into her head She should not get out of bed She should know that she's not paid To be loud but to be laid The evidence suggests She has other interests If it's her who's using him He's exceptionally dim  [Aristocrats:] Things have reached a pretty pass When someone pretty lower-class Graceless and vulgar, uninspired Can be accepted and admired 
rainbow tour-Madonna[SEP][Peron:] People of Europe, I send you the Rainbow of Argentina  [Che:] Spain has fallen to the charms of Evita She can do what she likes, it doesn't matter much [Aide #1:] She's our lady of the new world with a golden touch [Aide #2:] She filled a bull-ring, forty-five thousand seater [Che:] But if you're prettier than General Franco, that's not hard  [Aide #1:] Franco's reign in Spain should see out the forties So you've just acquired an ally who Looks as secure in his job as you [Aide #2:] But more important current political thought is Your wife's a phenomenal asset, your trump card  [Peron and Aides:] Let's hear it for the Rainbow Tour It's been an incredible success We weren't quite sure, we had a few doubts  [Peron:] Will Evita win through? [Aides:] But the answer is yes  [Peron:] There you are, I told you so Makes no difference where she goes The whole world over just the same Just listen to them call her name And who would underestimate the actress now?  [Che:] Now I don't like to spoil a wonderful story But the news from Rome isn't quite as good She hasn't gone down like they thought she would Italy's unconvinced by Argentine glory They equate Peron with Mussolini, can't think why  [Eva:] Did you hear that? They called me a whore! They actually called me a whore!  [Italian admiral:] But Signora Peron it's an easy mistake I'm still called an admiral Yet I gave up the sea long ago  [Aide #2:] More bad news from Rome; she met with the Pope She only got a rosary, a kindly word [Che:] I wouldn't say the Holy Father gave her the bird But papal decorations, never a hope [Aide #1:] She still looked the part at St. Peter's, caught the eye  [Peron and Aides:] Let's hear it for the Rainbow Tour It's been an incredible success We weren't quite sure, we had a few doubts  [Peron:] Will Evita win through? [Aides:] But the answer is ... [Che:] A qualified [Aides:] Yes  [Che:] Eva started well, no question, in France Shining like a sun through the post-war haze A beautiful reminder of the care-free days She nearly captured the French, she sure had the chance But she suddenly seemed to lose interest She looked tired  [Che:] Face the facts, the Rainbow's starting to fade I don't think she'll make it to England now  [Aide #1:] It wasn't on the schedule anyhow  [Che:] You'd better get out the flags and fix a parade Some kind of coming home in triumph is required  [Peron and Aides:] Let's hear it for the Rainbow Tour It's been an incredible success We weren't quite sure, we had a few doubts  [Aide #2:] Would Evita win through? [Aide #1:] And the answer is [Aide #2:] Yes [Che:] And no [Aides:] And yes [Che:] And no [Aides:] And yes [Che:] No  [Peron and Aides:] Let's hear it for the Rainbow Tour It's been an incredible success We weren't quite sure, we had a few doubts  [Aides:] Would Evita win through? But the answer is [Aide #2:] Yes [Aide #1:] Yes [Aide #2:] Yes 
act of contrition-Madonna[SEP]For thou art the Kingdom and the Power and the Glory Forever and ever, amen Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee Blessed art thou amongst women And blessed is the fruit of thy  Oh my God I am heartily sorry for having offended Thee And I detest all my sins because of Thy just punishment But most of all, because I have offended Thee Oh my God  Who art all good and deserving of all my love I firmly resolve with the help of Thy grace To confess my sins, to do penance, to amend my life And to avoid the temptations of evil  Oh my God I am heartily sorry for having offended Thee And I detest all my sins because of Thy just punishment But most of all, because, my God, I have offended Thee  Who art all good, like I knew you would And deserving of all my love I reserve, I reserve, I reserve  I reserve, I resolve I have a reservation I have a reservation  What do you mean it's not in the computer?! 
like it or not-Madonna[SEP]You can call me a sinner You can call me a saint Celebrate me for who I am Dislike me for what I ain't Put me up on a pedestal Or drag me down in the dirt Sticks and stones will break my bones But your names will never hurt  I'll be the garden You be the snake All of my fruit is yours to take Better the devil that you know Your love for me will grow Because  This is who I am You can Like it or not You can Love me or leave me 'Cause I'm never gonna stop No, no  Cleopatra had her way Matahari did too Whether they were good or bad Is strictly up to you Life is a paradox and it doesn't make much sense Can't have the Femme without the Fatale Please don't take offense  Don't let the fruit rot under the vine Fill up your cup and let's drink the wine Better the devil that you know Your love for me will grow Because  This is who I am You can Like it or not You can Love me or leave me 'Cause I'm never gonna stop No no you know it This is who I am You can Like it or not You can Love me or leave me 'Cause I'm never gonna stop No, no You know it  No, no You know it  I'll be the garden You be the snake All of my fruit is yours to take Better the devil that you know Your love for me will grow Because  This is who I am You can Like it or not You can Love me or leave me 'Cause I'm never gonna stop No, no You know it  This is who I am You can Like it or not You can Love me or leave me 'Cause I'm never gonna stop No, no You know it  No, no You know it 
beautiful killer(deluxe edition bonus track)-Madonna[SEP]Dark eyes on a dangerous face you are a beautiful killer We pass by the same old place you are a (beautiful killer) You don’t have a life, you have blood on your hands You can sleep at night and I don’t understand I don’t know much about you are a wanted man  You can call my name and I’ll be a around Maybe I’ll let you shoot me down Cause you’re a beautiful killer with a beautiful face A beautiful killer and you won’t leave a trace  Do you know the reasons why you are a beautiful killer? Hurt yourself but you never die, you are a (beautiful killer) I like your silhouette when you stand on the streets Like a samurai you can handle the heat Makes me wanna pray for a haunted man  You can call my name and I’ll be a around Maybe I’ll let you shoot me down Cause you’re a beautiful killer with a beautiful face A beautiful killer and you won’t leave a trace  Can’t really talk with a gun in my mouth Maybe that’s what you been dreaming about Cause your a beautiful killer with beautiful eyes A beautiful killer and I love your disguise  (Beautiful killer)  You changed the past Good guys always finish last What happens now? I need to know how the story goes Are we together? I love you forever  You can call my name and I’ll be around Maybe I’ll let you shoot me down You can call my name and I’ll be around Maybe I’ll let you shoot me down Cause you’re a beautiful killer with a beautiful face A beautiful killer and you won’t leave a trace  Can’t really talk with a gun in my mouth Maybe that’s what you been dreaming about Cause your a beautiful killer with beautiful eyes A beautiful killer and I love your disguise  You’re a beautiful killer, but you’ll never be Alain Delon 
hold tight-Madonna[SEP]A million miles later We walked through the valley of the darkest night We made it through the fire We're scarred and we're bruised, but our hearts will guide us Together I know our love's gonna last forever We're gonna be alright Tonight  We'll live with no limits We'll dance in the middle of the freezing rain With you and I in it Survive the eye of a hurricane Together We're gonna make this better We're gonna be alright tonight  Hold tight As long as you're by my side Hold tight Everything's gonna be alright  Only love, only love tonight Lights off, we're burning so bright Hold tight Everything's gonna be alright  Everything's gonna... Everything's gonna... Everything's gonna...  A million miles later We walked through the valley of the darkest night We made it through the fire We're scarred and we're bruised, but our hearts will guide us Together I know our love's gonna last forever We're gonna be alright Tonight  Hold tight As long as you're by my side Hold tight Everything's gonna be alright  Only love, only love tonight Lights off, we're burning so bright Hold tight Everything's gonna be alright  Everything's gonna... Everything's gonna... Everything's gonna...  I don't want to breathe Air that you're not breathing I don't want to hear If your heart's not beating If you hurt then I Want to be the one that's bleeding Want to be the one that's bleeding  Hold tight Everything's gonna be alright Everything's gonna... Everything's gonna...  Only love, only love tonight Lights off, we're burning so bright Everything's gonna... Everything's gonna... 
she's not me-Madonna[SEP]I should have seen the sign way back then When she told me that you were her best friend And now she's rolling, rolling, rolling And you were stolen, stolen, stolen  She started dressing like me and talking like me It freaked me out She started calling you up in the middle of the night What's that about?  I just want to be there when you discover When you wake up next to your new lover She might cook you breakfast and love you in the shower The flavor of the moment, cause she don't have what's ours  She's not me She doesn't have my name She'll never have what I have It won't be the same It won't be the same  I should have seen the sign when you were here Under a different light, it's all so clear She was stealing, stealing, stealing And now you're feeling, feeling, feeling  She started dyeing her hair and Wearing the same perfume as me She started reading my books And stealing my looks and lingerie  I just want to be there when you discover You wake up in the morning next to your new lover She might cook you breakfast and love you in the shower The thrill is momentary, cause she don't have what's ours  She's not me She doesn't have my name She'll never have what I have It won't be the same It won't be the same  She is licking her lips And she's batting her eyes She's not me She's got legs up to there And such beautiful hair She's not me Oh, devoted for life Make a beautiful wife She's not me If you spend some more time I guarantee you will find She's not me  I know I can do it better  If someone wants to pimp your style And hang with you a little while And make off with all the things you like You're gonna have to watch it  She's not me She doesn't have my name She'll never have what I have It won't be the same It won't be the same  Never let you forget She's not me She's not me, and she never will be  Never let you forget She's not me She's not me, and she never will be  [Pharrell's rap]  She's not me She's not me She's not me, and she never will be She's not me She's not me She's not me, and she never will be She never will be Never will be Never will be Never will be Never will be Never will be  Never will be...  She's not me and never will be Never will be... 
crazy-Madonna[SEP]I spent all night waiting up It's gon' be the last night I wait up for you Spent a long time wakin' up Used to think that I was not enough for you  Now I see that I'm just way too much You got your hands full, I'm misunderstood Now I see that I'm who I can trust And you got a lot of room, you tryna make good  But if you think I've been foolish and you only fool me once I guess it's shame on you Say now if you think I've been foolish and you keep on tryna do it, baby I'm 'a switch the plans on you  'Cause you're driving me crazy You must think I'm crazy Você me põe tão louca Você pensa que eu sou louca And I won't let you drive me cray-ay-ay-ay-zy And I won't let you drive me crazy Você não vai me por tão lo-o-o-ouca Você não vai me por tão louca  I bent my knees for you like a prayer My God. Look at me now Peel off my weakness layer after layer Nothing left for me to keep 'round  I'm a force and I'm untamed, babe Can't go through this and stay the same, babe I've seen a lot of stranger things, babe And I'll never look at you the same  But if you think I've been foolish and you only fool me once I guess it's shame on you Say now if you think I've been foolish and you keep on tryna do it, baby I'm 'a switch the plans on you  'Cause you're driving me crazy You must think I'm crazy Você me põe tão louca Você pensa que eu sou louca And I won't let you drive me crazy-ay-ay-ay-ay-zy And I won't let you drive me crazy Você não vai me por tão lo-o-o-ouca Você não vai me por tão louca  Eu te amo Mas não deixo você me destruir  I put you on a pedestal but statues—they can fall Felt so safe, I let you drive me straight into the wall Paid the hell you dealt me, Thought you felt me Was never good at games, Now I'll just forget your name  But if you think I've been foolish and you only fool me once I guess it's shame on you Say now if you think I've been foolish and you keep on tryna do it, baby I'm 'a switch the plans on you  'Cause you're driving me crazy You must think I'm crazy Você me põe tão louca Você pensa que eu sou louca And I won't let you drive me cray-ay-ay-ay-zy And I won't let you drive me crazy Você não vai me por tão lo-o-o-ouca Você não vai me por tão louca  'Cause you're driving me crazy You must think I'm crazy Você me põe tão louca Você pensa que eu sou louca And I won't let you drive me cray-ay-ay-ay-ay-zy And I won't let you drive me crazy Você não vai me por tão lo-o-o-ouca Você não vai me por tão louca 
erotica-Madonna[SEP]Erotica Romance Erotica Romance  My name is Dita I'll be your mistress tonight I'd like to put you in a trance  If I take you from behind Push myself into your mind When you least expect it Will you try and reject it? If I'm in charge And I treat you like a child Will you let yourself go wild Let my mouth go where it wants to?  Give it up, do as I say Give it up and let me have my way I'll give you love, I'll hit you like a truck I'll give you love, I'll teach you how to I'd like to put you in a trance All over  Erotic, erotic, put your hands all over my body Erotic, erotic, put your hands all over my body Erotic, erotic, put your hands all over my body Erotic Erotic  Once you put your hand in the flame You can never be the same There's a certain satisfaction In a little bit of pain I can see you understand I can tell that you're the same If you're afraid, well rise above I only hurt the ones I love  Give it up, do as I say Give it up and let me have my way I'll give you love, I'll hit you like a truck I'll give you love, I'll teach you how to I'd like to put you in a trance All over  Erotic, erotic, put your hands all over my body Erotic, erotic, put your hands all over my body Erotic, erotic, put your hands all over my body Erotic Erotic  Erotica Romance I'd like to put you in a trance Erotica Romance Put your hands all over my body  I don't think you know what pain is I don't think you've gone that way I could bring you so much pleasure I'll come to you when you say I know you want me I'm not gonna hurt you I'm not gonna hurt you Just close your eyes  Erotic Erotic Erotic Just close your eyes Erotic Erotic Put your hands all over my body All over me All over me  Erotica (give it up, give it up) Romance I'd like to put you in a trance Erotica (give it up, give it up) Romance I like to do a different kind of Erotica (give it up, give it up) Romance I'd like to put you in a trance Erotica Romance Put your hands all over my body  Only the one that hurts you Can make you feel better Only the one that inflicts pain Can take it away Erotica 
best night(deluxe edition bonus track)-Madonna[SEP]You can call me M tonight You can be my man tonight It's gonna be like this, that's right Give you love that you'll never forget  The city is our playground tonight We're gonna be like gangsters tonight We don't give a damn if it's wrong or right Lighten up, we won't have no regrets  I'll make this the best night of your life I'll make this the best night of your life I'll make this the best night of your life I'll make this the best night of your life  Lose your self-control, we can go wild Show you what it means to feel alive I'll make this the best night of your life I'll make this the best night of your life  We don't have to speak that much I hear you when I feel your touch Whisper in my ears, make me blush Feel the chill as we kiss, don't forget  All you had as dreams, don't hold back All the fantasies you ever had Just do what you like, go ahead Close your eyes, make a wish, no regrets  I'll make this the best night of your life I'll make this the best night of your life I'll make this the best night of your life I'll make this the best night of your life  Lose your self-control, we can go wild Show you what it means to feel alive I'll make this the best night of your life I'll make this the best night of your life  Surrender to the pleasure (wanting) When we breath in together (waiting) It's either now or never (for you) This feeling will take over  No sex tapes, no camera (wanting) Just you and me together (waiting) Repeat it like a mantra (for you) I'm in love, I'm in love  I'll make this the best night of your life I'll make this the best night of your life I'll make this the best night of your life I'll make this the best night of your life  Lose your self-control, we can go wild Show you what it means to feel alive I'll make this the best night of your life I'll make this the best night of your life 
the look of love-Madonna[SEP]Should have left you standing right where you stood Should have let you go, should have had the sense to know Like a train you'd come, and I'd lose my place Now I'm on this trip, I took a fall from grace  [Chorus:]  Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide From the look of love, from the eyes of pride Nowhere to go, no place to run From the look of love, now I've come undone  I've had a map laid out from the day I was born But the roads are blocked, and the paper is worn And all the books I've read, and the things I know Never taught me to laugh, never taught to let go  [chorus]  My conscience is clear I know right from wrong That's a lie I know nothing except that you're gone But there's more to learn from the look in your eyes That trip round this world, the stars in the sky  Now all the books I've read, and the things I know Never taught me to live, never taught me to let go  [chorus]  Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide From the look of love, Lord knows I've tried Nowhere to go, no place to run From the look of love, now I've come undone  (Nowhere to hide) (No place to run) (Nowhere to hide) (No place to run) 
bye bye baby-Madonna[SEP]This is not a love song Bye bye baby  I keep on waiting, anticipating But I can't wait forever You say you love me You're thinking of me But we're never together  [Chorus:]  Bye bye baby bye bye It's your turn to cry That's why we have to say goodbye So say goodbye  Bye bye baby bye bye It's your turn to cry This time we have to say goodbye So say goodbye  You had your chances All your romances And now I just don't want you I know I love you because I hate you And now I'd rather haunt you  [chorus, repeat]  You're so beautiful What makes you feel exciting? What wakes you up inside? Does it make you feel good to see me cry? I think it does That's why it's time to say bye bye  [chorus, repeat]  I don't wanna keep the bright flame Of your ego going So I'll just stop blowin' in the wind To love you is a sin Adios  Uh, this is not a love song I'd like to hurt you  What excites you? What turns you on? What makes you feel good? Does it make you feel good to see me cry? I think it does That's why it's time to say goodbye Bye bye  The first time and the last time You can forget about it baby Forget the rules, forget the fools Forget your fears, forget my tears You can forget about it baby, bye bye baby bye bye You can forget about it baby 'Cause it's the first time and the last time You'll ever see me cry You f*cked it up 
vogue-Madonna[SEP]Strike a pose Strike a pose Vogue (vogue, vogue) Vogue (vogue, vogue)  Look around, everywhere you turn is heartache It's everywhere that you go (look around) You try everything you can to escape The pain of life that you know (life that you know) When all else fails and you long to be Something better than you are today I know a place where you can get away It's called a dance floor And here's what it's for So  Come on, vogue Let your body move to the music (move to the music) Hey, hey, hey Come on, vogue Let your body go with the flow (go with the flow) You know you can do it  All you need is your own imagination So use it that's what it's for (that's what it's for) Go inside for your finest inspiration Your dreams will open the door (open up the door) It makes no difference if you're black or white If you're a boy or a girl If the music's pumping it will give you new life You're a superstar Yes, that's what you are You know it  Come on, vogue Let your body groove to the music (groove to the music) Hey, hey, hey Come on, vogue Let your body go with the flow (go with the flow) You know you can do it  Beauty's where you find it Not just where you bump and grind it Soul is in the musical That's where I feel so beautiful Magical, life's a ball So get up on the dance floor  Come on, vogue Let your body move to the music (move to the music) Hey, hey, hey Come on, vogue Let your body go with the flow (go with the flow) You know you can do it  Vogue (vogue) Beauty's where you find it (move to the music) Vogue (vogue) Beauty's where you find it (go with the flow)  Greta Garbo and Monroe Dietrich and DiMaggio Marlon Brando, Jimmy Dean On the cover of a magazine  Grace Kelly, Harlow, Jean Picture of a beauty queen Gene Kelly, Fred Astaire Ginger Rogers dance on air  They had style, they had grace Rita Hayworth gave good face Lauren, Katherine, Lana too Bette Davis, we love you  Ladies with an attitude Fellas that were in the mood Don't just stand there, let's get to it Strike a pose, there's nothing to it  Vogue, vogue  Ooh, you've got to Let your body move to the music Ooh, you've got to just Let your body go with the flow  Ooh, you've got to Vogue 
buenos aires-Madonna[SEP][Eva:] What's new, Buenos Aires? I'm new, I wanna say I'm just a little stuck on you You'll be on me too  I get out here, Buenos Aires Stand back, you oughta know what you gonna get in me Just a little touch of star quality  Fill me up with your heat, with your noise With your dirt, overdo me Let me dance to your beat, make it loud Let it hurt, run it through me.  Don't hold back, you are certain to impress Tell the driver this is where I'm staying  Hello, Buenos Aires Get this, just look at me dressed up somewhere to go We'll put on a show  Take me in at your flood, give me speed Give me lights, set me humming Shoot me up with your blood, wine me up With your nights, watch me coming  All I want is a whole lot of excess Tell the singer this is where I'm playing  Stand back, Buenos Aires Because you oughta know what you gonna get in me Just a little touch of star quality  And if ever I go too far It's because of the things you are Beautiful town, I love you And if I need a moment's rest Give your lover the very best Real eiderdown and silence.  [Musical interlude]  You're a tramp, you're a treat You will shine to the death, you are shoddy But you're flesh, you are meat You shall have every breath in my body  Put me down for a lifetime of success Give me credit, I'll find ways of paying  Rio de la Plata Florida, Corrientes, Nueve de Julio All I want to know  Stand back, Buenos Aires Because you oughta know what you gonna get in me Just a little touch of Just a little touch of Just a little touch of star quality 
crave-Madonna[SEP]I'm tired of being far away from home Far from what can help? Far from where it's safe Hope it's not too late Rush rush rush on you Love love loved on you Love you like a fool Put my trust in you  'Cause you're the one I crave And my cravings get dangerous The feelings never fade I don't think we should play with this Say come come give me strength I don't think we should wait for this 'Cause you're the one I crave And my cravings get dangerous  Ooh (ooh), my cravings get dangerous Ooh, I don't think we should play with this Ooh (ooh), my cravings get dangerous Ooh, I don't think we should wait  'Cause I'm just me That's all I can be Something real Something I can feel You know I just can't change This is how I'm made I'm not afraid Take me to the place  'Cause you're the one I crave And my cravings get dangerous The feelings never fade I don't think we should play with this Say come come give me strength I don't think we should wait for this 'Cause you're the one I crave And my cravings get dangerous  Ooh (ooh), my cravings get dangerous Ooh, I don't think we should play with this Ooh (ooh), my cravings get dangerous Ooh, I don't think we should wait  You're on me I don't think you should wait You're on me, one pull up away You're down to ride Ride me like a wave I gave you a sensation Loner days you used to chase It's do or die and my love life can't get crazy It's on the line girl you're risking everything It's over ex rated  Ran so far to try to find the thing I lacked and there it was inside of me Ran and ran and ran so fast a thing to last and there it was I hear you breathe  'Cause you're the one I crave And my cravings get dangerous The feelings never fade I don't think we should play with this Say come come give me strength I don't think we should wait for this 'Cause you're the one I crave And my cravings get dangerous  My cravings get dangerous I don't think we should play with this  My cravings get dangerous I don't think we should wait  It's on the line girl you're risking everything 
batuka-Madonna[SEP]It's a long way (It's a long way) It's a long way (It's a long way) It's a long day (It's a long day) It's a long day (It's a long day)  Lord have Mercy (Lord have Mercy) Things have got to change (Things have got to change) There's a storm ahead (There's a storm ahead) I hear the wind blowing (I hear the wind blowing) Let me catch my breath (Let me catch my breath) Will we win this race? (Will we win this race?) Swear the road is long (Swear the road is long) And the highway listens (And the highway listens)  'Cause it's a long way ('Cause it's a long way) It's a long way (It's a long way) 'Cause it's a long day ('Cause it's a long day) It's a long day (It's a long day)  I was up all night I said a little prayer Get that old man Put him in a jail Where he can't stop us (Where he can't stop us) Where he can't hurt us (Where he can't hurt us) We will stand tall (We will stand tall) Underneath this tree (Underneath this tree) 'Cause it's a...  'Cause it's a long way ('Cause it's a long way) It's a long way (It's a long way) 'Cause it's a long day ('Cause it's a long day) It's a long day (It's a long day)  But when we can stop it all (But when we can stop it all) In the right way (In the right way) We will stand together (We will stand together) It's a new day (It is a new day) So don't judge on your mind (Don't judge on your mind) Tell it in this show (Tell it in this show) 'Cause when we have a dream ('Cause when we have a dream) And you can't stop us  Sing, "hallelujah" (Sing, "hallelujah") Say, "amen" (Say, "amen") Say, "hallelujah" (Say, "hallelujah") And say, "amen" (And say, "amen") I say, "oh, yeah" (I say, "oh, yeah") I said, "oh, yeah" (I said, "oh, yeah") I said, "amen" (I said, "amen") I say, "hallelujah" (I say, "hallelujah")  'Cause it's a long way ('Cause it's a long way) It's a long way (It's a long way) 'Cause it's a long day ('Cause it's a long day) It's a long day (It's a long day) 
rain-Madonna[SEP]I feel it, it's coming  Rain, feel it on my finger tips Hear it on my window pane Your love's coming down like Rain, wash away my sorrow Take away my pain Your love's coming down like rain  When your lips are burning mine And you take the time to tell me how you feel When you listen to my words And I know you've heard, I know it's real Rain is what the thunder brings For the first time I can hear my heart sing Call me a fool but I know I'm not I'm gonna stand out here on the mountain top 'Til I feel your  Rain, feel it on my finger tips Hear it on my window pane Your love's coming down like Rain, wash away my sorrow Take away my pain Your love's coming down like rain  When you looked into my eyes And you said goodbye could you see my tears When I turned the other way Did you hear me say I'd wait for all the dark clouds bursting in a perfect sky You promised me when you said goodbye That you'd return when the storm was done And now I'll wait for the light, I'll wait for the sun 'Til I feel your  Rain, feel it on my finger tips Hear it on my window pane Your love's coming down like Rain, wash away my sorrow Take away my pain Your love's coming down like  Here comes the sun, here comes the sun And I say, never go away  Waiting is the hardest thing It's strange  I tell myself that if I believe in you I feel like I've known you before  In the dream of you And I want to understand you  With all my heart and all my soul More and more and more  That by sheer force of will When I'm with you  I will raise you from the ground I feel like a magical child  And without a sound, you'll appear Everything strange  And surrender to me, to love Everything wild  Rain is what the thunder brings For the first time I can hear my heart sing Call me a fool but I know I'm not I'm gonna stand out here on the mountain top 'Til I feel your  Rain I feel it It's coming Your love's coming down like Rain  I feel it It's coming Your love's coming down like Rain Feel it on my finger tips Hear it on my window pane Your love's coming down like Rain, wash away my sorrow Take away my pain Your love's coming down like rain  I feel it It's coming Your love's coming down like rain I feel it It's coming Your love's coming down like rain  I'll stand out on the mountain top Until I hear you call my name Rain 
bedtime story-Madonna[SEP]Today is the last day that I'm using words They've gone out, lost their meaning Don't function anymore  Let's Let's Let's get unconscious, honey Let's get unconscious, honey  Today is the last day that I'm using words They've gone out, lost their meaning Don't function anymore  Traveling Leaving logic and reason Traveling To the arms of unconsciousness Traveling Leaving logic and reason Traveling To the arms of unconsciousness  Let's get unconscious, honey Let's get unconscious Let's get unconscious, honey Let's get unconscious  Words are useless, especially sentences They don't stand for anything How could they explain how I feel  Traveling I'm traveling Leaving logic and reason Traveling I'm gonna relax In the arms of unconsciousness  Let's get unconscious, honey Let's get unconscious Let's get unconscious, honey Let's get unconscious  And inside we're all still wet Longing and yearning How can I explain how I feel?  Let's get unconscious, honey Let's get unconscious Let's get unconscious, honey Let's get unconscious  Traveling, traveling Traveling, traveling Traveling, traveling In the arms of unconsciousness  And all that you've ever learned Try to forget I'll never explain again 
voices-Madonna[SEP][Justin:] Who is the master? Who is the slave?  [Madonna:] Treat me like a curse Then tell me I'm your saviour I'm never with the stranger I used to know so well Waiting for your answer Is a kind of torture Could I grow accustomed to this kind of hell?  [Chorus:] Are you walking the dog, 'cause that dog isn't new Are you out of control, is that dog walking you Haven't you had enough, now your time is up Baby show me your hand Voices start to ring in your head Tell me what do they say Distant echoes from another time Start to creep in your brain So you play madness like it's convenient You do it so often that you start to believe it You have demons so nobody can blame you But who is the master and who is the slave?  First you say you love me Then you wanna leave me Then you say you're sorry You play the game so well I want your illusion You're the greatest salesman How could I refuse you When you sold it to yourself  [Chorus] 
love profusion-Madonna[SEP]There are too many questions There is not one solution There is no resurrection There is so much confusion  And the love profusion You make me feel You make me know And the love vibration You make me feel You make it shine  There are too many options There is no consolation I have lost my illusions What I want is an explanation  And the love profusion You make me feel You make me know And the love direction You make me feel You make me shine You make me feel You make me shine You make me feel  I got you under my skin I got you under my skin I got you under my skin I got you under my skin  There is no comprehension There is real isolation There is so much destruction What I want is a celebration  And I know I can feel bad When I get in a bad mood And the world can look so sad Only you make me feel good  I got you under my skin I got you under my skin I got you under my skin I got you under my skin  I got you under my skin I got you under my skin I got you under my skin I got you under my skin  And the love profusion You make me feel You make me know And the love intention You make me feel You make me shine You make me feel You make me shine You make me feel  I got you under my skin I got you under my skin I got you under my skin I got you under my skin I got you under my skin I got you under my skin I got you under my skin I got you under my skin  And I know I can feel bad When I get in a bad mood And the world can look so sad Only you make me feel good 
words-Madonna[SEP]Words, they cut like a knife Cut into my life I don't want to hear your words They always attack Please take them all back If they're yours I don't want anymore  You think you're so smart You try to manipulate me You try to humiliate with your words You think you're so chic You write me beautiful letters You think you're so much better than me  But your actions speak louder than words And they're only words, unless they're true Your actions speak louder than promises You're inclined to make and inclined to break  Words, they cut like a knife Cut into my life I don't want to hear your words They always attack Please take them all back If they're yours I don't want anymore  You think you're so shrewd You try to bring me low You try to gain control with your words  But your actions speak louder than words And they're only words, unless they're true Your actions speak louder than promises You're inclined to make and inclined to break  Words, they cut like a knife Cut into my life I don't want to hear your words They always attack Please take them all back If they're yours I don't want anymore  Friends they tried to warn me about you He has good manners, he's so romantic But he'll only make you blue How can I explain to them How could they know I'm in love with your words Your words  You think you're so sly I caught you at your game You will not bring me shame with your words  But your actions speak louder than words And they're only words, unless they're true Your actions speak louder than promises You're inclined to make and inclined to break  Words, they cut like a knife Cut into my life I don't want to hear your words They always attack Please take them all back If they're yours I don't want anymore  Too much blinding light Your touch, I've grown tired of your words Words, words A linguistic form that can meaningfully be spoken in isolation Conversation, expression, a promise, a sigh In short, a lie A message from heaven, a signal from hell I give you my word I'll never tell Language that is used in anger Personal feelings signaling danger A brief remark, an utterance, information Don't mince words, don't be evasive Speak your mind, be persuasive A pledge, a commitment, communication, words 
like a virgin-Madonna[SEP]I made it through the wilderness Somehow I made it through Didn't know how lost I was until I found you I was beat, incomplete, I'd been had I was sad and blue, but you made me feel Yeah, you made me feel shiny and new  Like a virgin Touched for the very first time Like a virgin When your heart beats next to mine  Gonna give you all my love, boy My fear is fading fast Been saving it all for you, 'cause only love can last You're so fine and you're mine Make me strong, yeah, you make me bold Oh, your love thawed out Yeah, your love thawed out what was scared and cold  Like a virgin (hey) Touched for the very first time Like a virgin With your heartbeat next to mine  You're so fine and you're mine I'll be yours 'til the end of time 'Cause you made me feel Yeah, you made me feel I've nothing to hide  Like a virgin (hey) Touched for the very first time Like a virgin With your heartbeat next to mine  Like a virgin Like a virgin Feels so good inside When you hold me, and your heart beats, and you love me  Ooh, baby yeah Can't you hear my heart beat for the very first time? 
kiss and say goodbye-Manhattans[SEP]This has got to be the saddest day of my life I called you here today for a bit of bad news I won't be able to see you anymore Because of my obligations, and the ties that you have We've been meeting here everyday And since this is our last day together I wanna hold you just one more time When you turn and walk away, don't look back I wanna remember you just like this Let's just kiss and say goodbye  I had to meet you here today There's just so many things to say Please don't stop me 'till I'm through This is something I hate to do We've been meeting here so long I guess what we done, oh was wrong Please darling, don't you cry Let's just kiss and say goodbye  Many months have passed us by (I'm gonna miss you) I'm gonna miss you, I can't lie (I'm gonna miss you) I've got ties, and so do you I just think this is the thing to do It's gonna hurt me, I can't lie Maybe you'll meet, you'll meet another guy Understand me, won't you try, try, try, try, try, try, try Let's just kiss and say goodbye  (I'm gonna miss you) I'm gonna miss you, I can't lie (I'm gonna miss you) Understand me, won't you try (I'm gonna miss you) It's gonna hurt me, I can't lie (I'm gonna miss you) Take my handkerchief, wipe your eyes (I'm gonna miss you) Maybe you'll find, you'll find another guy (I'm gonna miss you) Let's kiss and say goodbye, pretty baby (I'm gonna miss you) Please, don't you cry (I'm gonna miss you) Understand me, won't you try (I'm gonna miss you) Let's just kiss And say goodbye 
seamus-Pink Floyd[SEP]I was in the kitchen Seamus, that's the dog, was outside Well, I was in the kitchen Seamus, my old hound was outside Well, you know the sun was sinking slowly But my old hound-dog sat right down and cried 
a spanish piece-Pink Floyd[SEP]Bath of tequila, Manuel Listen Gringo Laugh at my lisp and I kill you I think This Spanish music It sets my soul on fire Lovely seniorita Your eyes are like stars Your teeth are like pearls Your ruby lips seniorita 
lost for words-Pink Floyd[SEP]I was spending my time in the doldrums I was caught in the cauldron of hate I felt persecuted and paralyzed I thought that everything else would just wait While you are wasting your time on your enemies Engulfed in a fever of spite Beyond your tunnel vision reality fades Like shadows into the night  To martyr yourself to caution Is not going to help at all Because there'll be no safety in numbers When the Right One walks out of the door  Can you see your days blighted by darkness? Is it true you beat your fists on the floor? Stuck in a world of isolation While the ivy grows over the door  So I open my door to my enemies And I ask could we wipe the slate clean But they tell me to please go fuck myself You know you just can't win 
coming back to life-Pink Floyd[SEP]Where were you when I was burned and broken While the days slipped by from my window watching And where were you when I was hurt and I was helpless Because the things you say and the things you do surround me  While you were hanging yourself on someone else's words Dying to believe in what you heard I was staring straight into the shining sun  Lost in thought and lost in time While the seeds of life and the seeds of change were planted  Outside the rain fell dark and slow While I pondered on this dangerous but irresistible pastime  I took a heavenly ride through our silence I knew the moment had arrived For killing the past and coming back to life  I took a heavenly ride through our silence I knew the waiting had begun And headed straight... into the shining sun 
jugband blues-Pink Floyd[SEP]It's awfully considerate of you to think of me here And I'm most obliged to you for making it clear That I'm not here And I never knew the moon could be so big And I never knew the moon could be so blue And I'm grateful that you threw away my old shoes And brought me here instead dressed in red And I'm wondering who could be writing this song  I don't care if the sun don't shine And I don't care if nothing is mine And I don't care if I'm nervous with you I'll do my loving in the winter  And the sea isn't green And I love the Queen And what exactly is a dream And what exactly is a joke 
southampton dock-Pink Floyd[SEP]They disembarked in '45 And no one spoke and no one smiled There were too many spaces in the line  And gathered at the cenotaph All agreed with hand on heart To sheath the sacrificial knives  But now She stands upon Southampton Dock With her handkerchief And her summer frock Clings to her wet body in the rain  In quiet desperation Knuckles white upon the slippery reins She bravely waves the boys goodbye again  And still the dark stain spreads between Their shoulder blades A mute reminder Of the poppy fields and graves And when the fight was over We spent what they had made But in the bottom of our hearts We felt the final cut 
double o bo-Pink Floyd[SEP]Bo Diddley was a private eye Hand was fast and his I.Q. high D.A. said "Double O, you won't last Slow down boy, you living too fast"  Well, Double O had a Cadillac Machine guns and a bullet-proof back Engine taken from a 707 Sounds like a sure way to get into heaven  In his pocket, 5 pounds of lead Keep Bo Diddley from getting dead Another thing helped Bo keeping alive Was a snub-nosed, Smith And Wesson, Colt 45  Well, Bo drank gallons of rye and bourbon Martini's dry, and you better serve them Martini so dry, the shaker burst Bo keeled on his side and died of thirst 
have a cigar-Pink Floyd[SEP]Come in here, dear boy, have a cigar You're gonna go far, you're gonna fly high You're never gonna die You're gonna make it if you try They're gonna love you  Well, I've always had a deep respect And I mean that most sincerely The band is just fantastic That is really what I think Oh by the way, which one's Pink?  And did we tell you the name of the game, boy? We call it Riding the Gravy Train  We're just knocked out We heard about the sell out You gotta get an album out You owe it to the people We're so happy we can hardly count  Everybody else is just green Have you seen the chart? It's a hell of a start It could be made into a monster If we all pull together as a team  And did we tell you the name of the game, boy? We call it Riding the Gravy Train 
speak to me-Pink Floyd[SEP]"I've been mad for fucking years, absolutely years, been over the edge for yonks, been working me buns off for bands..." "I've always been mad, I know I've been mad, like the most of us...very hard to explain why you're mad, even if you're not mad..." 
talkin' hawkin'-Pink Floyd[SEP]Speech has allowed the communication of ideas Enabling human beings to work together to build the impossible Mankind's greatest achievements have come about by talking Our greatest hopes could become reality in the future With the technology at our disposal, the possibilities are unbounded  All we need to do is make sure we keep talking 
fearless-Pink Floyd[SEP]You say the hill's too steep to climb Chiding You say you'd like to see me try Climbing  You pick the place and I'll choose the time And I'll climb the hill in my own way Just wait a while for the right day  And as I rise above The tree-line and the clouds I look down Hear the sound Of the things you said today  Fearlessly the idiot faced the crowd Smiling Merciless the magistrate turns 'round Frowning  And who's the fool who wears the crown Go down in your own way And everyday is the right day  And as you rise above The fear-lines in his brow You look down Hear the sound Of the faces in the crowd 
crying song-Pink Floyd[SEP]We smile and smile We smile and smile Laughter echoes in your eyes We climb and climb We climb and climb Foot falls softly in the pines We cry and cry We cry and cry Sadness passes in a while We roll and roll We roll and roll Help me roll away the stone 
brain damage-Pink Floyd[SEP]The lunatic is on the grass The lunatic is on the grass Remembering games and daisy chains and laughs Got to keep the loonies on the path  The lunatic is in the hall The lunatics are in my hall The paper holds their folded faces to the floor And every day the paper boy brings more  And if the dam breaks open many years too soon And if there is no room upon the hill And if your head explodes with dark forebodings too I'll see you on the dark side of the moon  The lunatic is in my head The lunatic is in my head You raise the blade, you make the change You re-arrange me 'til I'm sane  You lock the door and throw away the key There's someone in my head but it's not me.  And if the cloud bursts thunder in your ear You shout and no one seems to hear And if the band you're in starts playing different tunes I'll see you on the dark side of the moon 
another brick in the wall (part ii)-Pink Floyd[SEP]We don't need no education We don't need no thought control No dark sarcasm in the classroom Teacher, leave them kids alone  Hey, teacher, leave them kids alone  All in all it's just another brick in the wall All in all you're just another brick in the wall  [Chorus by pupils from the Fourth Form Music Class Islington Green School, London]  We don't need no education We don't need no thought control No dark sarcasm in the classroom Teachers, leave them kids alone  Hey, teacher, leave us kids alone  All in all you're just another brick in the wall All in all you're just another brick in the wall  [Spoken:] Wrong! Do it again! Wrong! Do it again! If you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding! How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?! You! Yes, you, behind the bike sheds, stand still, laddy! 
not now john-Pink Floyd[SEP]Hey, listen. It's a  Fuck all that we've gotta get on with these Fuck all that, fuck all that Gotta compete with the wily Japanese There's too many home fires burning and not enough trees Fuck all that So fuck all that we've gotta get on with these Gotta get on with these  Can't stop lose job mind gone silicon Star long what bomb get away pay day make hay Break down need fix big six Click click hold on oh no Bingo! (Bingo!)  Make em laugh Make em cry Make em dance in the aisles Make em pay Make em stay Make em feel OK  Not now John We've gotta get on with the film show (gotta get on, gotta get on) Hollywood waits at the end of the rainbow (End of the rainbow) Who cares what it's about As long as the kids go (As long as the kids go) So, not now John We've gotta get on with the show (gotta get on with the show) (gotta get on, gotta get on)  (gotta get on, gotta get on) (gotta get on)  Hang on John I've gotta get on with this (gotta get on, gotta get on) Don't know what it is But it fits on here like this Come at the end of the shift We'll go and get pissed But not now John I've gotta get on with this (gotta get on with this, gotta get on)  Hold on John I think there's something good on I used to read books but It could be the news Or some other amusement Could be re-usable shows  Fuck all that we've gotta get on with these Gotta compete with the wily Japanese (gotta get on, gotta get on) No need to worry about the Vietnamese Gotta bring the Russian bear to his knees (gotta get on)  Well, maybe not the Russian bear Maybe the Swedes We showed Argentina, now let's go and show these (gotta get on, gotta get on) Make us feel tough and wouldn't Maggie be pleased Nah nah nah nah nah nah!  One, two, three, four (Not now John we've gotta get on)  S'cusi dove il bar? What? (gotta get on) Se parakalo pou einai to bar? (Not now John we've gotta get on)  S'il vous plaît ou est le bar (gotta get on, gotta get on)  Oi' where's the fucking bar John! (Not now John we've gotta get on) Oh, now you're talking! Oh! Rule Britannia! Britannia rules the day (gotta get on, gotta get on) Down! (Not now John we've gotta get on) Go, Maggie! (gotta get on, gotta get on) Hammer, hammer, hammer, hammer, now! (Not now John we've gotta get on) (gotta get on, gotta get on) 
careful with that axe, eugene-Pink Floyd[SEP]Down, down. Down, down. The star is screaming. Beneath the lies. Lie, lie. Tschay, tschay, tschay. [Sound of Waters blowing into the microphone] [Light screaming from Waters] Careful, careful, careful with that axe, Eugene. [Very loud and prolonged scream] [Another very loud and prolonged scream] [Waters blowing into the microphone] [Light screaming from Waters] The stars are screaming loud. Tsch. Tsch. Tsch. [Low groaning sound from Waters] 
another brick in the wall, part ii-Pink Floyd[SEP]We don't need no education We don't need no thought control No dark sarcasm in the classroom Teacher, leave them kids alone  Hey, teacher, leave them kids alone  All in all it's just another brick in the wall All in all you're just another brick in the wall  [Chorus by pupils from the Fourth Form Music Class Islington Green School, London]  We don't need no education We don't need no thought control No dark sarcasm in the classroom Teachers, leave them kids alone  Hey, teacher, leave us kids alone  All in all you're just another brick in the wall All in all you're just another brick in the wall  [Spoken:] Wrong! Do it again! Wrong! Do it again! If you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding! How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?! You! Yes, you, behind the bike sheds, stand still, laddy! 
let there be more light-Pink Floyd[SEP]Far, far, far away - way People heard him say - say I will find a way - way There will come a day - day Something will be done Then at last the mighty ship Descending on a point of flame Made contact with the human race at Mildenhall  Now, now, now is the time - time Time to be - be - be aware Carter's father saw it there And knew the Rhull revealed to him The living soul of Hereward the Wake  Oh, my, something in my eye - eye Something in the sky - sky Waiting there for me The outer lock rolled slowly back The servicemen were heard to sigh For there revealed in flowing robes Was Lucy in the sky  Oh - oh - did you ever? No No never ever will they I'll say! Summoning his cosmic powers And glowing slightly from his toes His psychic emanations flowed 
the fletcher memorial home-Pink Floyd[SEP]take all your overgrown infants away somewhere and build them a home a little place of their own the fletcher memorial home for incurable tyrants and kings and they can appear to themselves every day on closed circuit t.v. to make sure they're still real it's the only connection they feel "ladies and gentlemen, please welcome reagan and haig mr. begin and friend mrs. thatcher and paisley mr. brezhnev and party the ghost of mccarthy the memories of nixon and now adding colour a group of anonymous latin american meat packing glitterati" did they expect us to treat them with any respect they can polish their medals and sharpen their smiles, and amuse themselves playing games for a while boom boom, bang bang, lie down you're dead safe in the permanent gaze of a cold glass eye with their favourite toys they'll be good girls and boys in the fletcher memorial home for colonial wasters of life and limb is everyone in? are you having a nice time? now the final solution can be applied 
julia dream-Pink Floyd[SEP]Sunlight bright upon my pillow Lighter than an eiderdown Will she let the weeping willow Wind his branches round Julia dream, dreamboat queen, queen of all my dreams Every night I turn the light out  Waiting for the velvet bride Will the scaly armadillo Find me where I'm hiding Julia dream, dreamboat queen, queen of all my dreams Will the misty master break me Will the key unlock my mind Will the following footsteps catch me Am I really dying Julia dream, dreamboat queen, queen of all my dreams 
astronomy domine-Pink Floyd[SEP]Lime and limpid green, a second scene A fight between the blue you once knew. Floating down, the sound resounds Around the icy waters underground. Jupiter and Saturn, Oberon, Miranda and Titania. Neptune, Titan, Stars can frighten. Lime and limpid green, a second scene A fight between the blue you once knew. Floating down, the sound resounds Around the icy waters underground. Jupiter and Saturn, Oberon, Miranda and Titania. Neptune, Titan, Stars can frighten. Blinding signs flap, Flicker, flicker, flicker blam. Pow, pow. Stairway scare, Dan Dare, who's there? Lime and limpid green, the sounds around The icy waters under Lime and limpid green, the sounds around The icy waters underground. 
i miss you-Klymaxx[SEP]Thought I heard your voice yesterday Then I turned around to say that I loved you Then I realized That it was just my mind Playing tricks on me...  It seems colder lately at night And I try to sleep with the lights on Every time the phone rings I pray to God it's you I just can't believe (just can't believe) That we're through...  I miss you (I miss you...) There's no other way to say it And I, And I can't deny it. I miss you (I miss you...) It's so easy to see I miss you and me...  Is it done and over this time? Can we ever change our minds? But it's our first love... All the feelings that we used to share... I refuse to believe that you don't care.  I miss you (I miss you...) There's no other way to say it And I, and I can't deny it. I miss you (I miss you...) It's so easy to see I miss you and me...  I've got to gather my senses together (Gather) I've been through worse kinds of weather If it's over now (over now) Be strong (be strong) I can't believe that you're gone... I've got to carry on.  I miss you (I miss you...) It's driving me crazy I don't want to live without you. I miss you (I miss you...) It's so easy to see I miss you and me 
play that funky music-Wild Cherry[SEP]Hey, do it now  Hey, once I was a boogie singer Playin' in a rock-and-roll band I never had no problems Burnin' down the one-night stands  And everything around me Got to start to feelin' so low And I decided quickly Yes, I did To disco down and check out the show  Yeah they were dancin' and singin' And movin' to the groovin' And just when it hit me Somebody turned around and shouted  "Play that funky music, white boy Play that funky music right Play that funky music, white boy Lay down that boogie And play that funky music 'til you die."  'Til you die?  I tried to understand this I thought that they were out of their minds How could I be so foolish To not see I was the one behind  So still I kept on fighting Well, losing every step by the way ... we can do I said, I must go back there I got to go back And check to see if things still the same  When they were dancin' and singin' And movin' to the groovin' And just when it hit me Somebody turned around and shouted  "Play that funky music, white boy Play that funky music right Play that funky music, white boy Lay down that boogie And play that funky music 'til you die."  'Til you die? Oh, 'til you die  Gonna play some electrified funky music  Hey, wait a minute  Now first it wasn't easy Changing rock-and-rolling minds And things were gettin' shaky I thought I'd have to leave it behind  Oh, but now it's so much better (it's so much better) I'm funking out in every way But I'll never lose that feelin' (you know, I won't) Of how I learned my lesson that day  When they were dancin' and singin' And movin' to the groovin' And just when it hit me Somebody turned around and shouted  "Play that funky music, white boy Play that funky music right Play that funky music, white boy Lay down that boogie And play that funky music 'til you die."  'Til you die? Oh, 'til you die  They shouted  "Play that funky music Play that funky music Play that funky music You got to keep on playin' funky music Play that funky music Play that funky music Play that funky music Gonna take you high and low."  "Play that funky music, white boy Play that funky music right Play that funky music, white boy Play that funky music right  Play that funky music, white boy Play that funky music right Play that funky music, white boy Play that funky music right." 
imagine a man-Who[SEP]Imagine a man Not a child of any revolt But a plain man tied up in life  Imagine the sand Running out as he struts Parading and fading, ignoring his wife  Imagine a road So long looking backwards You can't see where it really began  Imagine a load So large and so smooth That against it a man is an ant  Then you will see the end You will see the end  Imagine events That occur everyday Like a shooting or raping or a simple act of deceit  Imagine a fence Around you as high as prevention Casting shadows, you can't see your feet  Imagine a girl You long for and have And the body of chalky perfection and truth  Imagine a past Where you wish you had lived Full of heroes and villians and fools  And you will see the end You will see the end And you will see the end You will see the end Oh yeah  Imagine a man Not a child of any revolt But a man of today feeling new  Imagine a soul So old it it is broken And you will know your invention is you  And you will see the end You will see the end You will see the end You will see the end Oh yeah 
helpless dancer-Who[SEP][Roger's theme] When a man is running from his boss Who hold a gun that fires "cost" And people die from being old Or left alone because they're cold And bombs are dropped on fighting cats And children's dreams are run with rats If you complain you disappear Just like the lesbians and queers  No one can love without the grace Of some unseen and distant face And you get beaten up by blacks Who though they worked still got the sack And when your soul tells you to hide Your very right to die denied And in the battle on the streets You fight computers and receipts  And when a man is trying to change But only causes further pain You realize that all along Something in us going wrong...  You stop dancing 
a legal matter-Who[SEP]I told you why I changed my mind I got bored by playing with time I know you thought you had me nailed But I've freed my head from your garden rails  Now it's a legal matter, baby You got me on the run It's a legal matter, baby A legal matter from now on  My mind's lost in a household fog Wedding gowns and catalogs Kitchen furnishings and houses Maternity clothes and baby's trousers  Now it's a legal matter, baby Marryin's no fun It's a legal matter, baby A legal matter from now on  I told you why I changed my mind I got bored by playing with time I know you thought you had me nailed Well, I've freed my head from your garden rails  Now it's a legal matter, baby You got me on the run It's a legal matter, baby A legal matter from now on  You ain't the first and you ain't the last I gain and lose my women fast I never want to make them cry I just get bored, don't ask me why  Just wanna keep doing all the dirty little things I do And not work all day in an office just to bring my money back to you Sorry, baby 
who are you-Who[SEP]Who are you? Who, who, who, who? Who are you? Who, who, who, who? Who are you? Who, who, who, who? Who are you? Who, who, who, who?  I woke up in a Soho doorway A policeman knew my name He said, "You can go sleep at home tonight If you can get up and walk away."  I staggered back to the underground And the breeze blew back my hair I remember throwin' punches around And preachin' from my chair  Well, who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) I really wanna know (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) Tell me, who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) 'Cause I really wanna know (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)  I took the tube back out of town Back to the Rollin' Pin I felt a little like a dying clown With a streak of Rin Tin Tin  I stretched back and I hiccuped And looked back on my busy day Eleven hours in the Tin Pan God, there's got to be another way  Well, who are you? (who are you? Who, who, who, who?) Oh, who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) Come on tell me who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) Alright who the fuck are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)  Who are you?  Who are you? Who, who, who, who? Who are you? Who, who, who, who? Who are you? Who, who, who, who? Who are you? Who, who, who, who?  I really wanna know (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) I really wanna know (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) Come on tell me who are you (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) 'Cause I really wanna know (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)  I know there's a place you walked Where love falls from the trees My heart is like a broken cup I only feel right on my knees  I spit out like a sewer hole Yet still receive your kiss How can I measure up to anyone now After such a love as this?  Well, who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) Come on tell me who are you (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) Oh, I really wanna know (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) Tell me tell me who are you (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)  Come on come on (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) Ah who the fuck are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) Who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?) Oh tell me who are you (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)  I really wanna know Oh, I really wanna know Come on tell me who are you, you, you, you 
bell boy-Who[SEP][Keith's theme] The beach is a place where a man can feel He's the only soul in the world that's real, Well I see a face coming through the haze, I remember him from those crazy days.  Ain't you the guy who used to set the paces Riding up in front of a hundred faces, I don't suppose you would remember me, But I used to follow you back in '63.  I've got a good job And I'm newly born. You should see me dressed up in my uniform. I work in hotel, all gilt and flash. Remember the place where the doors were smashed?  Bell Boy! I got to keep running now. Bell Boy! Keep my lip buttoned down. Bell Boy! Carry this baggage out. Bell Boy! Always running at someone's heel. You know how I feel, always running at someone's heel.  Some nights I still sleep on the beach. Remember when stars were in reach. Then I wander in early to work, Spend the day licking boots for my perks.  A beach is a place where a man can feel [etc.]  People often change But when I look in your eyes, You could learn a lot from A job like mine. The secret to me Isn't flown like a flag I carry it behind This little badge What says...  Bell Boy! 
tommy's holiday camp-Who[SEP][Uncle Ernie:] Good morning Campers!  I'm your Uncle Ernie and I'll welcome you to Tommy's Holiday Camp The camp with the difference Nevermind the weather When you come to Tommy's The holiday's forever 
why did i fall for that-Who[SEP]The streets of the future littered with remains Of both the fools and the so called brains The whole prediction is enough to kill But only God knows if it won't or it will Nobody knows why we fell so flat Some silly creature said we'd never crack Most would just survive and then bounce back But the rest are crying "Why'd I fall for that crap" Why did I fall for that?  So many rash promises sincerly made By people who believed that we were being saved They made us all believe that we were acting white But the truth is we've forgotten how we used to fight Nobody knows why we fell so flat We're impotent and neutered like whining cats We've found the piper but we've lost the rats But the kids are crying "Why'd I fall for that dad?" Why did you fall?  It never rains under my umbrella  Four minutes to midnight on a sunny day Maybe if we smile the clock'll fade away Maybe we can force the hands to just reverse Maybe a word, maybe maybe is a curse Nobody knows why we fell so flat We've never been taught to fight or to face up to facts We simply believe that we'd remain intact But history is asking why did you fall for that Why did you fall?  Why did I fall for that Why did I fall for that Why did I fall for that 
the real me-Who[SEP]I went back to the doctor To get another shrink. I sit and tell him about my weekend, But he never betrays what he thinks.  Can you see the real me, doctor?  I went back to my mother I said, "I'm crazy ma, help me." She said, "I know how it feels son, 'Cause it runs in the family."  Can you see the real me, mother?  The cracks between the paving stones Look like rivers of flowing veins. Strange people who know me Peeping from behind every window pane. The girl I used to love Lives in this yellow house. Yesterday she passed me by, She doesn't want to know me now.  Can you see the real me, can you?  I ended up with the preacher, Full of lies and hate, I seemed to scare him a little So he showed me to the golden gate.  Can you see the real me preacher? Can you see the real me doctor? Can you see the real me mother? Can you see the real me? 
girls eyes-Who[SEP]Girl's eyes, butterflies, how she cries, can't get through to you, She knows all the charts, breaks her heart, thinks a lot of you, Each time you play a melody, it means the earth to this little girl, Can you be cruel and break her heart, tear her small world apart.  She's there, eyes aglow, very front row, don't throw sticks at her, Please don't look her way, see her way, don't care anyway.  It's you who led her on, I see, Just leave her down in her misery, She don't want help from you and me, Can't tell a note from a symphony.  It's you who led her on, I see, Just leave her down in her misery, She don't want help from you and me, Can't tell a note from a symphony.  Girl's eyes, butterflies, how she cries, can't get through to you, She knows all the charts, breaks her heart, thinks a lot of you, Each time you play a melody, it means the earth to this little girl, Can you be cruel and break her heart, tear her small world apart. 
got nothing to prove(deluxe edition bonus track)-Who[SEP]Got nothing to prove anymore Got nothing to prove anymore Got nothing to prove anymore Got nothing to prove anymore  When I was a little younger I had to justify my angst I'd spend a lotta precious time Tryna find the facts Then one day, I met Mikael Mikael don't like my whine So now I don't look toward my death I look toward my life  Somehow this girl changed me From a sad man to a clown Now they call me crazy 'Cause nothing gets me down  Got nothing to prove anymore Got nothing to prove anymore Got nothing to prove anymore Got nothing to prove anymore  When me and my girl walk down the street I don't stare people out All the things I used to do like that I do without Everything with her makes sense Everything is real You don't need no evidence When you're sayin' what you feel  Nothing, yeah Got nothing to prove anymore Got nothing to prove anymore Got nothing to prove anymore  Somehow this girl changed me From a sad man to a clown Now they call me crazy 'Cause nothing gets me down  Got nothing to prove anymore Got nothing to prove anymore Got nothing to prove anymore Got nothing to prove anymore 
glittering girl-Who[SEP]She wasn't a fool That glittering girl She followed the rules That shimmering pearl  Said the rules mama preaches Go down when they break The themes mama teaches You just gotta shake  But she wasn't a fool That slender love figure She followed her rules And made money bigger  She wasn't a fool That shining young woman She followed her rules She's crying for no man  Said the rules mama preaches Go down when they're broken She explodes into peaches And cries when I've spoken  She wasn't a fool That Goddess of Hell There are no mother's rules She makes them herself  And I was down upon my knees To beg her surrender up to me  Something inside her Told her she shouldn't Tried and alight her But the girl wouldn't  She wasn't a fool But love flowed from her face She's not scared of me She's afraid of disgrace  She wasn't a fool That female for our world She followed her rules That glittering girl That glittering girl That glittering girl That glittering girl 
christmas-Who[SEP][Father:]  Did you ever see the faces of children They get so excited. Waking up on christmas morning Hours before the winter sun's ignited. They believe in dreams and all they mean Including heavens generosity. Peeping round the door to see what parcels are for free In curiosity.  And Tommy doesn't know what day it is. Doesn't know who Jesus was or what praying is. How can he be saved? From the eternal grave.  Surrounded by his friends he sits so silently, And unaware of everything. Playing poxy pin ball picks his nose and smiles and Pokes his tongue at everything. I believe in love but how can men who've never seen Light be enlightened. Only if he's cured will his spirits future level ever heighten.  And Tommy doesn't know what day it is. Doesn't know who Jesus was or what praying is. How can he be saved? >From the eternal grave. Tommy can you hear me? Tommy can you hear me? Tommy can you hear me? How can he be saved?  [Tommy:]  See me, feel me Touch me, heal me. See me, feel me Touch me, heal me!  Tommy can you hear me? Tommy can you hear me? Tommy can you hear me? How can he be saved? 
music must change-Who[SEP]Deep in the back of my mind is an unrealized sound Every feeling I get from the street says it soon could be found When I hear the cold lies of the pusher, I know it exists It's confirmed in the eyes of the kids, emphasized with their fists  But the high has to rise from the low Like volcanoes explode through the snow The mosquito's sting brings a dream But the poison's derange  The music must change For we're chewing a bone We soared like the sparrow hawk flied Then we dropped like a stone Like the tide and the waves Growing slowly in range Crushing mountains as old as the Earth So the music must change  Sometimes at night, I wake up and my body's like ice The sound of the running wild stallion, the noise of the mice And I wondered if then I could hear into all of your dreams I realize now it was really the sound of your screams  But death always leads into life But the street fighter swallows the knife Am I so crazy to feel that it's here prearranged?  The music must change It's gets higher and higher Smouldering like leaves in the 1 Then it bursts into fire Its rhythm grows strong It's so new and so strange Like bells in the clouds, then again The music must change  But is this song so different? Am I doing it all again? It may have been done before But then music's an open door  Deep in the back of my is an unrealized sound Every feeling I get from the street says it soon could be found When I hear the cold lies of the pusher, I know it exists It's confirmed in the eyes of the kids, emphasized with their fists  But the high has to rise from the low Like volcanoes explode through the snow The mosquito's sting brings a dream But the poison's derange  The music must change For we're chewing a bone We soared like the sparrow hawk flied Then we dropped like a stone Like the tide and the waves Growing slowly in range Crushing mountains as old as the Earth So the music must change 
mirror door-Who[SEP]If you don't hear me, how can I tell you If you don't listen, why should I speak If you're indifferent, how can I reach you Just 'cos you're angry don't assume I'm weak  Howling Wolf, and old Link Wray Dave Van Ronk and Doris Day Bobby Darin, Brownie McGhee Elvis, Buddy and Eddie C.  Music makes me, makes me strong Strong vibrations, make me long Long for a place where I belong You will find me in this song.  Who will walk through the mirror door Will there be music, or will there be war Will we be rich, or will we be poor Who will walk through the mirror door  Who will walk through the mirror door Will there be music, or will there be war Will we be rich, or will we be poor Who will walk through the mirror door  A thousand angels, a million children Fire and fear in a suicide eye Golden stairway to a Zeppelin heaven Rolling thunder under New York sky  Frank 'n' Ella, Ray 'What'd I Say' Johnny Cash and Johnnie Ray Amadeus and Ludvig Van Henry, Johann and the doo dah band.  We are here in celebration This music's gonna make us strong We climb up high, to the golden station Curtis Mayfield ain't waiting long  (Get on board...)  Who will walk through the mirror door Will there be music, or will there be war Will we be rich, or will we be poor Who will walk through the mirror door  Who will walk through the mirror door Will there be music, or will there be war Will we be rich, or will we be poor Who will walk through the mirror door  Howling Wolf, and old Link Wray Dave Van Ronk and Doris Day Bobby Darin, Brownie McGhee Elvis, Buddy and Eddie C.  Frank 'n' Ella, Ray 'What'd I Say' Johnny Cash and Johnnie Ray Amadeus and Ludvig Van Henry, Johann and the doo dah band.  Keep on climbing 
the punk and the godfather-Who[SEP][PUNK:] You declared you would be three inches taller You only became what we made you. Thought you were chasing a destiny calling You only earned what we gave you. You fell and cried as our people were starving, Now you know that we blame you. You tried to walk on the trail we were carving, Now you know that we framed you.  [G.F.:] I'm the guy in the sky Flying high Flashing eyes No surprise I told lies I'm the punk in the gutter I'm the new president But I grew and I bent Don't you know? don't it show? I'm the punk with the stutter. My my my my my mmmm my my my.  GGGGG-g-g-g-g generation.  [PUNK:] We tried to speak between lines of oration You could only repeat what we told you. Your axe belongs to a dying nation, They don't know that we own you. You're watching movies trying to find the feelers, You only see what we show you. We're the slaves of the phony leaders Breathe the air we have blown you.  [G.F.:] I'm the guy [etc.]  I have to be careful not to preach I can't pretend that I can teach, And yet I've lived your future out By pounding stages like a clown. And on the dance floor broken glass, The bloody faces slowly pass, The broken seats in empty rows, It all belongs to me you know.  [PUNK:] You declared [etc.] 
dreaming from the waist-Who[SEP]I feel like I want to break out of the house My heart is a-pumping, I've got sand in my mouth I feel like I'm heading up to a cardiac arrest I want to scream in the night, I want a manifest  I've got that wide awake, give-and-take, five o'clock-in-the-morning feeling I've got the hots for the sluts in the well thumbed pages of a magazine I want to drive, want to fly like I do in the dreams I've never really been in I want to hump, want to jump, want to heat up, cool down in a dream machine  I'm dreaming ... from the waist on down I'm dreaming ... but I feel tired and bound I'm dreaming ... of a day when a cold shower helps my health I'm dreaming ... dreaming - of the day I can control myself Day I can control myself  Sound like a priest and then I'm shooting dice I'm burning tires with some guy whose hair is turning white I know the girls that I pass, they just ain't impressed I'm too old to give up, but too young to rest  I've got that numb-to-a-thumb over-dubbed Feeling social when the world is sleeping The plot starts to thicken then I sicken and I feel I'm cemented down I'm so juiced that the whorey lady's sad sad story has me quietly weeping But here comes the morning Here comes the yawning demented clown  I'm dreaming ... but I know it's all hot air I'm dreaming ... I'll get back to that rocking chair I'm dreaming ... of the day I can share the wealth I'm dreaming ... dreaming - of the day I can control myself Day I can control myself Hey, hey! The day I can control myself 
blue, red and grey-Who[SEP]Some people seem so obsessed with the morning Get up early just to watch the sun rise Some people like it more when there's fire in the sky Worship the sun when it's high Some people go for those sultry evenings Sipping cocktails in the blue, red and grey But I like every minute of the day  I like every second, so long as you are on my mind Every moment has its special charm It's all right when you're around, rain or shine I know a crowd who only live after midnight Their faces always seem so pale And then there's friends of mine who must have sunlight They say a suntan never fails I know a man who works the night shift He's lucky to get a job and some pay And I like every minute of the day  I dig every second I can laugh in the snow and rain I get a buzz from being cold and wet The pleasure seems to balance out the pain  And so you see that I'm completely crazy I even shun the south of France The people on the hill, they say I'm lazy But when they sleep, I sing and dance Some people have to have the sultry evenings Cocktails in the blue, red and grey But I like every minute of the day  I like every minute of the day 
bad girls-Donna Summer[SEP]Bad girls Talking about the sad girls Sad girls Talking about bad girls, yeah  See them out on the street at night, walkin' Picking up on all kinds of strangers If the price is right You can't score if you're pocket's tight But you want a good time You ask yourself who they are Like everybody else They come from near and far Bad girls, yeah  Bad girls Talking about the sad girls, yeah Sad girls Talking about bad girls, yeah  Friday night and the strip is hot Sun's gone down and they're out to trot Spirit's high and legs look hot Do you wanna get down Now don't you ask yourself who they are Like everybody else, they wanna be a star  Bad girl Sad girl, you're such a naughty bad girl Beep-Beep, uh-uh You bad girl you sad girl Your such a dirty bad girl Beep-Beep, uh-uh  Now you and me we're both the same But you call yourself by different names Now your mama won't like it when she finds out That her girl is out at night  Hey, Mister, have you got a dime Mister, do you want to spent some time Oh, yeah I got what you want, you got what I need I'll be your baby, come and spend it on me Hey, Mister I'll spend some time with you 
hot stuff-Donna Summer[SEP]Sittin' here eatin' my heart out waitin' Waitin' for some lover to call Dialed about a thousand numbers lately Almost rang the phone off the wall  Lookin' for some hot stuff baby this evenin' I need some hot stuff baby tonight I want some hot stuff baby this evenin' Gotta have some hot stuff Gotta have some love tonight I need hot stuff I want some hot stuff I need some hot stuff  Lookin' for a lover who needs another Don't want another night on my own Wanna share my love with a warm blooded lover Wanna bring a wild man back home  Gotta have some hot love baby this evenin' I need some hot stuff baby tonight I want some hot stuff baby this evenin' Gotta have some lovin' Gotta have love tonight I need hot stuff Hot love Lookin' for hot love  [Instrumental Interlude]  How's about some hot stuff baby this evenin' I need some hot stuff baby tonight Lookin' for my hot stuff baby this evenin' I need some hot stuff baby tonight, yeah-yeah I want some hot stuff this evenin' I want some hot stuff baby tonight 
poison was the cure-Megadeth[SEP]I miss the warm embrace I felt First time you touched me Secure and safe in open arms I should have known you'd crush me  A snake you were when we met I loved you anyway Pulling out your poisoned fangs The venom never goes away  Serpent swims free in my blood Dragons sleeping in my veins Jackyl speaking with tongue Roach egg-laying in my brain  Stalked beneath your shadow Sleepwalking to the gallows I'm the sun that beats your brow in Till I finally threw the towel in  Never knowing if I'd wake up in a Whirlpool got redundant My brain was just some driftwood In a cesspool I became dead From a rock star to a desk fool Was my destiny someone said Life's a tide pool Taste the waters life's abundant Taste me 
foreclosure of a dream-Megadeth[SEP]Rise so high, yet so far to fall A plan of dignity and balance for all Political breakthrough, euphoria's high More borrowed money, more borrowed time Backed in a corner, caught up in the race Means to an end, ended in disgrace Perspective is lost in the spirit of the chase  Foreclosure of a dream Those visions never seen Until all is lost, personal Holocaust Foreclosure of a dream  Barren land that once filled a need Are worthless now, dead without a deed Slipping away from an iron grip Nature's scales are forced to tip The heartland dies, loss of all pride To leave ain't believing, so try and be tried Insufficient funds, insanity and suicide  Foreclosure of a dream Those visions never seen Until all is lost, personal Holocaust Foreclosure of a dream  [Solo - Mustaine:]  "The congress will push me to raise taxes and I'll say 'No, read my lips, read my lips, read my lips' "  Now with new hope, some will be proud This is no hoax, no one pushed out Receive a reprieve and be a pioneer Break new ground of a new frontier New ideas will surely get by No deed, or dividend. Some may ask "Why?" You'll find the solution, the answers in the sky  [Solo - Friedman:]  Rise so high, yet so far to fall A plan of dignity and balance for all Political breakthrough, euphoria's high More borrowed money, more borrowed time  Foreclosure of a dream Those visions never seen Until all is lost, personal Holocaust Foreclosure of a dream 
skin o'my teeth-Megadeth[SEP][Mustaine:]  I had wrists donning slits Flowing constantly My broken body in a wreck Wrapped around a tree A crosswalk hit-and-run The finish line for me People clutter in the gutter Take a look and see  No escaping pain You belong to me Clinging on to life By the skin of my teeth  My blood flows through the streets Deluge from the wounds Empty jars of sleeping pills On the dresser of my room My wet-brained neighbor cranes His neck to see In time the white light's a train Bearing down on me  No escaping pain You belong to me Clinging on to life By the skin of my teeth  [Solo - Friedman:]  I won't feel the hurt I'm not trash any longer That, that doesn't kill me Only makes me stronger I need a ride to the morgue That's what 911 is for So tag my toe and don't forget To close the drawer  No escaping pain You belong to me Clinging on to life By the skin of my teeth 
i feel for you-Chaka Khan[SEP]Chaka, Chaka, Chaka Chaka Khan Chaka Khan Chaka Khan Chaka Khan  Chaka Khan Let me rock you Let me rock you Chaka Khan Let me rock you That's all I wanna do Chaka Khan Let me rock you Let me rock you Chaka Khan Let me rock you 'Cause I feel for you Chaka Khan Won't you tell me What you wanna do Do you feel for me The way I feel for you Chaka Khan Let me tell you what I wanna do I wanna love you Wanna hug you Wanna squeeze you too Let me take you in my arms Let me fill you with my charms Chaka 'Cause you know that I'm the one To keep you warm, Chaka I'll make it more than just a physical dream I wanna rock you, Chaka, baby 'Cuz you make me wanna scream Let me rock you Rock you  Baby, baby when I look at you I get a warm feelin' inside There's something 'bout the things you do That keeps me satisfied  I wouldn't lie to you, baby It's mainly a physical thing This feeling that I got for you, baby Makes me wanna sing  I feel for you I think I love you I feel for you I think I love you  Chaka Khan, Let me rock you Let me rock you Chaka Khan Let me rock you That's all I wanna do Chaka Khan, let me rock you Let me rock you, Chaka Khan Let me rock you 'Cause I feel for you Feel for you  Baby, baby when I lay with you There's no place I'd rather be Can't believe, can't believe it's true The things that you do to me  I wouldn't lie to you, baby I'm physically attracted to you This feeling that I got for you, baby There's nothing that I wouldn't do  I feel for you I think I love you I feel for you I think I love you  I feel for you I think I love you I feel for you I,I, I think I love you  Chaka Khan Let me rock you Let me rock you Chaka Khan Let me rock you That's all I wanna do Chaka Khan Let me rock you Let me rock you Chaka Khan Let me rock you 'Cause I feel for you Chaka Khan Feel for you  I feel it too (Feel for you) I, I feel for you (Feel for you)  I feel for you 'Cause I love you 
when i'm gone-3 Doors Down[SEP]There's another world inside of me That you may never see There are secrets in this life That I can't hide  Somewhere in this darkness There's a light that I can't find Maybe it's too far away Or maybe I'm just blind  Or maybe I'm just blind  So hold me when I'm here Right me when I'm wrong Hold me when I'm scared And love me when I'm gone Everything I am And everything in me Wants to be the one You wanted me to be  I'll never let you down Even if I could I'd give up everything If only for your good So hold me when I'm here Right me when I'm wrong You can hold me when I'm scared You won't always be there So love me when I'm gone  Love me when I'm gone  When your education X-Ray Cannot see under my skin I won't tell you a damn thing That I could not tell my friends Roaming through this darkness I'm alive but I'm alone Part of me is fighting this But part of me is gone  So hold me when I'm here Right me when I'm wrong Hold me when I'm scared And love me when I'm gone Everything I am And everything in me Wants to be the one You wanted me to be  I'll never let you down Even if I could I'd give up everything If only for your good So hold me when I'm here Right me when I'm wrong You can hold me when I'm scared You won't always be there So love me when I'm gone  Or maybe I'm just blind  So hold me when I'm here Right me when I'm wrong Hold me when I'm scared And love me when I'm gone Everything I am And everything in me Wants to be the one You wanted me to be  I'll never let you down Even if I could I'd give up everything If only for your good So hold me when I'm here Right me when I'm wrong You can hold me when I'm scared You won't always be there So love me when I'm gone  Love me when I'm gone Love me when I'm gone When I'm gone When I'm gone When I'm gone 
i wanna know-Joe[SEP]Yeah, oh yeah Alright, oh, oh, oh  It's amazing how you knock me off my feet, hmm Everytime you come around me I get weak, oh yeah Nobody ever made me feel this way, oh You kiss my lips and then you take my breath away So I wanna know  [1] - I wanna know what turns you on So I can be all that and more I'd like to know what makes you cry So I can be the one who always makes you smile  Girl he never understood what you were worth, hmm no And he never took the time to make it work (You deserve more loving, girl) Baby I'm the kind of man who shows concern, yes I do, oh Anyway that I can please you let me learn So I wanna know  [Repeat 1]  [2] - Tell me what I gotta do to please you Baby anything you say I'll do Cause I only wanna make you happy From the bottom of my heart, it's true  [Repeat 2]  I wish that I could take a journey through your mind, alright And find emotions that you always try to hide babe, oh I do believe that there's a love you wanna share, oh, oh I'll take good care of you lady, have no fear, oh So I wanna know  [Repeat 1]  [Repeat 2 (2x)]  [Repeat 1 till end] 
can't nobody hold me down-Puff Daddy[SEP][Puff] Bad Boy... we ain't gon' stop  [Verse One: Mase]  Now with Sean on the hot track, melt like it's hot wax Put it out, all the stores, bet you could shop that (that's right) Leave a nigga with a hot hat, fronting like Bad Boy ain't got tracks (nigga stop that) There's no guy slicker than this young fly nigga Nickel-nine nigga, floss you die quicker (uh-huh) This fed time outta town pie flipper Turn Cristal into a Crooked I sipper Everbody want to be fast, see the cash Fuck around they weak staff, get a heat rash Anything in Bad Boy way we smash (we smash) Hundred G stash, push a bulletproof E-Class (ehehe) I'm through with bein a player and a baller Just want me one bad bitch so I can spoil her Mase wanna be the one you respect, even when you're vexed Rock Versace silks over spilled brunette Got green never seen so you suck my jewels Clutch my uz', anything I touch I bruise Puff make his own laws, nigga fuck your rules (that's right) Goodfellas, you know you can't touch us dudes  [Puff] Don't push us, cause we're close to the, edge [Puff] We're tryin, not to lose our heads, a-hah hah hah hah  [Verse Two: Mase]  Broken glass everywhere [glass shatters] if it ain't about the money, Puff, I just don't care (that's right) I'm that Goodfella fly guy, sometimes wiseguys Spend time in H-A-W-A-I-I (Mase can you please stop smoking lah lah?) Puff why try?  I'm a thug, I'ma die high I be out in Jersey, puffin Hershey Brothers ain't worthy to rock my derby Though I'm never drugged, I'm the venom in the club, G Though I know the thug be wantin to slug me (uh-huh) Could it be I move as smoove as Bugsy? (yeah) Or be at the bar with too much bubbly? (c'mon) Yo I think it must be the girls want to lust me Or is it simply the girls just love me Brothers wanna: rock the Rolls, rock my clothes Rock my ice, pull out Glocks, stop my life (uhh) I'm like, "Damn, how these niggaz got they trust? Used to be my man, how you gonna plot on my wife?" Do you think you snake me, cause they hate me? Or he got his Ph.D; Player Hater's Degree? (Ahaha!)  [Chorus: Mase, Puff Daddy]  [Mase] Can't nobody take my pride [Puff] Uh-uh, uh-uh [Mase] Can't nobody hold me down... ohh no [Mase] I got to keep on movin  [Verse Three: Mase]  Quit that!  (uh-huh) You a big cat?  (yeah) Where your chicks at?  (yeah)  Where your whips at?  (where dey at?) Wherever you get stacks, I'ma fix that Everything that's big dreams, I did that (that's right) Don't knock me cause you're boring I'm record sales soaring (*whistling*) straight touring Simply a lot of men be wantin to hear me cause their words just don't offend me (uh-uh, uh-uh) We spend cheese, in the West Indies Then come home to plenty cream Bentleys (ahehe) You name it, I could claim it Young, black, and famous, with money hangin out the anus And when you need a hit, who you go and get? (who?) Bet against us?  (Not a sure bet) We make hits that'll rearrange your whole set (that's right) and got a Benz that I ain't even drove yet  [Mase] Don't push us, cause we're close to the, edge [Mase] We're tryin, not to, lose our heads, a-hah-hah-hah-hah  [Mase] I get the feeling sometime, that make me wonder [Mase] Why you wanna take us under [Puff] Why you wanna take us under [repeat 2X]  [Chorus: repeat to fade] 
i'll be missing you-Puff Daddy[SEP][Puff Daddy:] Every day I wake up, I hope I'm dreamin' I can't believe this shit Can't believe you ain't here Sometimes it's just hard for a nigga to wake up It's hard to just keep goin' It's like I feel empty inside without you bein' here I would do anything, man, to bring you back I'd give all this shit, shit the whole lot I saw your son today, he look just like you You was the greatest, you'll always be the greatest I miss you, B.I.G. Can't wait 'til that day when I see your face again I can't wait 'til that day when I see your face again  This right here tell me why Goes out to every one that has lost someone that they truly loved Come on, check it out  Seems like yesterday we used to rock the show I laced the track, you locked the flow So far from hanging on the block for dough Notorious, they got to know That life ain't always what it seem to be Words can't express what you mean to me Even though you're gone, we still a team Through your family, I'll fulfill your dream (that's right)  In the future, can't wait to see If you open up the gates for me Reminisce some time, the night they took my friend Try to black it out, but it plays again When it's real, feeling's hard to conceal Can't imagine all the pain I feel Give anything to hear half your breath (half your breath) I know you still living your life after death  [Faith Evans:] Every step I take, Every move I make Every single day, Every time I pray I'll be missing you Thinking of the day, When you went away What a life to take, What a bond to break I'll be missing you  [Puff:] I miss you B.I.G.  It's kinda hard with you not around Know you're in heaven smiling down Watching us while we pray for you Every day we pray for you 'Til the day we meet again In my heart is where I'll keep you, friend Memories give me the strength I need to proceed Strength I need to believe  My thoughts, B.I.G., I just can't define (can't define) Wish I could turn back the hands of time Us in the 6, Shop for new clothes and kicks You and me taking flicks Making hits, stages they receive you on I still can't believe you're gone (can't believe you're gone) Give anything to hear half your breath (half your breath) I know you still living your life after death  [Faith Evans:] Every step I take, Every move I make I miss you Every single day, Every time I pray I'll be missing you Thinking of the day, When you went away What a life to take, What a bond to break I'll be missing you  Somebody tell me why  One black morning when this life is over I know I'll see your face  [112 (Puff):] Every night I pray, Every step I take Every move I make, Every single day  Every night I pray, Every step I take (Every day that passes) Every move I make, Every single day (Is a day that I get closer to seeing you again)  Every night I pray, Every step I take (We miss you, B.I.G., and we won't stop) Every move I make, Every single day (Cause we can't stop, that's right)  Every night I pray, Every step I take Every move I make, Every single day (We miss you, B.I.G.)  [Faith Evans:] Every step I take 
this guy's in love with you-Herb Alpert[SEP]You see this guy This guy's in love with you Yes, I'm in love Who looks at you the way I do When you smile I can tell We know each other very well How can I show you I'm glad I got to know you, 'cause  I've heard some talk They say you think I'm fine Yeah, I'm in love And what I'd do to make you mine Tell me now, is it so? Don't let me be the last to know My hands are shaking Don't let my heart keep breaking, 'cause  I need your love I want your love Say you're in love In love with this guy If not, I'll just die  Tell me now, is it so? Don't let me be the last to know My hands are shaking Don't let my heart keep breaking, 'cause  I need your love I want your love Say you're in love In love with this guy If not, I'll just die 
humble-Kendrick Lamar[SEP][Music video version:] Wicked or weakness, you gotta see this, waaaaay (yeah, yeah!) [Regular version:] Nobody pray for me, it been that day for me, waaaaay (yeah, yeah!)  Aye, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances Finesse a nigga with some counterfeits But now I'm counting this Parmesan where my accountant lives in fact I'm down at this D'usśe with my boo bae, tastes like kool aid for the analysts Girl, I can buy your ass the world with my paystub Ooh that pussy good, won't you sit it on my taste bloods I get way too petty once you let me do the extras Pull up on your block, then break it down we playing Tetris A.M. to the P.M., P.M. to the A.M. funk Piss out your per diem you just gotta hate em, funk If I quit your BM I still ride Mercedes, funk If I quit this season I still be the greatest, funk My left stroke just went viral Right stroke put lil baby in a spiral Soprano C, we like to keep it on a high note It's levels to it, you and I know, bitch be humble  (Hol' up bitch) sit down, (Hol' up lil bitch, hol' up, lil bitch) be humble (Hol' up bitch) sit down (sit down hol' up lil bitch) Be humble (bitch) (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up) bitch sit down Lil bitch (hol' up lil bitch) be humble (Hol' up bitch) sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up) be humble (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up lil bitch) sit down (Hol' up lil bitch) be humble (Hol' up bitch) sit down (hol' up sit down lil bitch) (Sit down lil bitch) be humble (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up lil bitch) bitch, sit down (Hol' up lil bitch) be humble (Hol' up bitch) sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)  Who dat nigga thinking that he fronting on man man (man man) Get the fuck off my stage, I'm the sandman (sandman) Get the fuck off my dick, that ain't right I make a play fucking up your whole life I'm so fucking sick and tired of the Photoshop Show me something natural like afro on Richard Pryor Show me something natural like ass with some stretch marks Still will take you down right on your mamma's couch in polo socks, aye This shit way too crazy, aye You do not amaze me, aye I blew cool from AC, aye Obama just paged me, aye I don't fabricate it, aye Most of ya'll be faking, aye I stay modest bout it, aye She elaborate it, aye This that Grey Poupon, that Evian, that Ted Talk, aye Watch my soul speak, you let the meds talk, aye If I kill a nigga it won't be the alcohol, aye I'm the realest nigga after all, bitch be humble  (Hol' up bitch) sit down, (Hol' up lil bitch, hol' up, lil bitch) be humble (Hol' up bitch) sit down (sit down hol' up lil bitch) Be humble (bitch) (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up) bitch sit down (Lil bitch) (hol' up lil bitch) be humble (Hol' up bitch) sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up) be humble (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up lil bitch) sit down (Hol' up lil bitch) be humble (Hol' up bitch) sit down (hol' up sit down lil bitch) (Sit down lil bitch) be humble (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up lil bitch) bitch, sit down (Hol' up lil bitch) be humble (Hol' up bitch) sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up) 
umbrella-Rihanna[SEP][Jay-Z:] Uh huh, uh huh (Yea Rihanna) Uh huh, uh huh (Good girl gone bad) Uh huh, uh huh (Take three... Action) Uh huh, uh huh  No clouds in my stones Let it rain, I hydroplane in the bank Coming down with the Dow Jones When the clouds come we gone, we Rocafella We fly higher than weather In G5s or better, You know me, In anticipation, for precipitation. Stack chips for the rainy day Jay, Rain Man is back with little Ms. Sunshine Rihanna, where you at?  [Rihanna:] You have my heart And we'll never be worlds apart Maybe in magazines But you'll still be my star Baby, 'cause in the dark You can't see shiny cars And that's when you need me there With you I'll always share Because  When the sun shines, we'll shine together Told you I'd be here forever Said I'll always be your friend Took an oath I'mma stick it out 'til the end Now that it's raining more than ever Know that we'll still have each other You can stand under my umbrella You can stand under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh eh eh eh)  These fancy things, will never come in between You're part of my entity, here for infinity When the war has took its part When the world has dealt its cards If the hand is hard, together we'll mend your heart Because  When the sun shines, we'll shine together Told you I'd be here forever Said I'll always be your friend Took an oath I'mma stick it out 'til the end Now that it's raining more than ever Know that we'll still have each other You can stand under my umbrella You can stand under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh eh eh eh)  You can run into my arms It's OK, don't be alarmed Come here to me There's no distance in between our love So go on and let the rain pour I'll be all you need and more Because  When the sun shines, we'll shine together Told you I'll be here forever Said I'll always be your friend Took an oath I'mma stick it out 'til the end Now that it's raining more than ever Know that we'll still have each other You can stand under my umbrella You can stand under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh eh eh eh)  It's raining, raining Oh, baby, it's raining, raining Baby, come here to me Come here to me It's raining, raining Oh, baby, it's raining, raining You can always come here to me Come here to me  [2x] It's pouring rain, it's pouring rain Come here to me Come here to me 
work-Rihanna[SEP][Rihanna:] Work, work, work, work, work, work He said me haffi Work, work, work, work, work, work! He see me do mi Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt! So me put in Work, work, work, work, work, work When you ah guh Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn Meh nuh cyar if him Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting  Dry! ...Me a desert him Nuh time to have you lurking Him ah go act like he nuh like it You know I dealt with you the nicest Nuh body touch me you nuh righteous Nuh badda, text me in a crisis I believed all of your dreams, adoration You took my heart and my keys and my patience You took my heart on my sleeve for decoration You mistaken my love I brought for you for foundation All that I wanted from you was to give me Something that I never had Something that you've never seen Something that you've never been! Mmmmm! But I wake up and act like nothing's wrong Just get ready fi...  Work, work, work, work, work, work He said me haffi Work, work, work, work, work, work! He see me do mi Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt! So me put in Work, work, work, work, work, work Ner ner ner ner ner ner! When yuh ago learn learn learn learn learn learn! Before the tables turn turn turn turn turn turn!  Beg you something, please Baby don't you leave Don’t leave me stuck here in the streets, uh huh If I get another chance to I will never, no never neglect you I mean who am I to hold your past against you? I just hope that it gets to you I hope that you see this through I hope that you see this true What can I say? Please recognize I'm tryin', babe!!! I have to  Work, work, work, work, work, work He said me haffi Work, work, work, work, work, work! He see me do mi Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt! So me put in Work, work, work, work, work, work When you ah guh Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn Meh nuh cyar if him Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting  [Drake and Rihanna:] Yeah, okay You need to get done, done, done, done at work, come over We just need to slow the motion Don't give that away to no one Long distance, I need you When I see potential I just gotta see it through If you had a twin, I would still choose you I don't wanna rush into it, if it's too soon But I know you need to get done, done, done, done If you come over Sorry if I'm way less friendly I got niggas tryna end me, oh I spilled all my emotions tonight, I’m sorry Rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin' How many more shots until you're rollin'? We just need a face to face You could pick the time and the place You spent some time away Now you need to forward and give me all the...  [Rihanna and Drake:] Work, work, work, work, work, work He said me haffi Work, work, work, work, work, work He se me do mi Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt! So me put in Work, work, work, work, work, work When you ah guh Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn Meh nuh cyar if him Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting  [Rihanna:] Mmmmm, mmmmm Mmmmm, mmmmm Work, work, work, work, work, work Mmmmm, mmmmm 
computer world-Kraftwerk[SEP]Interpol and Deutsche Bank FBI and Scotland Yard Interpol and Deutsche Bank FBI and Scotland Yard  Business, Numbers Money, People Business, Numbers Money, People  Computer World Computer World  Interpol and Deutsche Bank, FBI and Scotland Yard Interpol and Deutsche Bank, FBI and Scotland Yard  Business, Numbers Money, People Business, Numbers Money, People  Computer World Computer World  Interpol and Deutsche Bank, FBI and Scotland Yard Interpol and Deutsche Bank, FBI and Scotland Yard  Crime, Travel Communication, Entertainment Crime, Travel Communication, Entertainment  Computer World Computer World 
endlos endlos-Kraftwerk[SEP]Endlos-los-los-los-los... 
vitamin-Kraftwerk[SEP]Kalium Kalzium Eisen Magnesium Carbo-Hydrat Protein A-B-C-D Vitamin  Kalium Kalzium Eisen Magnesium Carbo-Hydrat Protein A-B-C-D Vitamin  Adrenalin Endorphin Elektrolyt Co-Enzym Carbo-Hydrat Protein A-B-C-D Vitamin  Mineral Biotin Zink Selen L-Carnitin Carbo-Hydrat Protein A-B-C-D Vitamin  Carbo-Hydrat Protein A-B-C-D Vitamin  Adrenalin Endorphin Elektrolyt Co-Enzym Carbo-Hydrat Protein A-B-C-D Vitamin 
computer love-Kraftwerk[SEP]Computer love Computer love  Another lonely night Stare at the TV screen I don't know what to do I need a rendezvous Computer love Computer love  I call this number For a data date I don't know what to do I need a rendezvous  Computer love Computer love 
endless endless-Kraftwerk[SEP]Endless, endless-less-less... 
nummern-Kraftwerk[SEP]Eins, zwei, drei, vier, fünf, sechs, sieben, acht... One, two... Uno, due, três, quatro... Ichi, ni, san, chi... Adin, dva, tri... 
ohm sweet ohm-Kraftwerk[SEP]Ohm Sweet Ohm... 
radioactivity-Kraftwerk[SEP]Radioactivity Is in the air for you and me  Radioactivity Discovered by Madame Curie  Radioactivity Tune in to the melody  Radioactivity Is in the air for you and me  [Morse Code:] (Radioactivity is in the air for you and me Radioactivity discovered by Madame Curie Radioactivity tune in to the... Kraftwerk)  Radioaktivität Für dich und mich im All entsteht  Radioaktivität Strahlt Wellen zum Empfangsgeraet  Radioaktivität Wenn's um unsere Zukunft geht  Radioaktivität Für dich und mich im All entsteht  [Morse Code:] (Radioactivity is in the air for you and me Radioactivity discovered by Madame Curie Radioactivity tune in to the... Kraftwerk)  Radioactivity Is in the air for you and me  Radioactivity Discovered by Madame Curie  Radioactivity Tune in to the melody  Radioactivity Is in the air for you and me... 
neon lights-Kraftwerk[SEP]Neon lights Shimmering neon lights And at the fall of night This city's made of light 
expo 2000-Kraftwerk[SEP]EXPO zwei-tausend EXPO two-thousand The twenty-first century Das einundzwanzigste Jahrhundert  EXPO zwei-tausend EXPO two-thousand Man Nature Technology Mensch Natur Technik  Planet of visions Planet der Visionen 
trans-europe express-Kraftwerk[SEP]Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express  Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express  Rendezvous on Champs-Élysées Leave Paris in the morning on TEE Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express  In Vienna we sit in a late-night café Straight connection, TEE Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express  From station to station back to Düsseldorf City Meet Iggy Pop and David Bowie Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express Trans-Europe Express 
computer liebe-Kraftwerk[SEP]Computer-Liebe Computer-Liebe  Ich bin allein, mal wieder ganz allein Starr auf den Fernsehschirm, starr auf den Fernsehschirm Hab heut Nacht nichts zu tun, heut Nacht nichts zu tun Ich brauch ein Rendez-vous, ich brauch ein Rendez-vous  Computer-Liebe Computer-Liebe  Ich wähl die Nummer, ich wähl die Nummer Rufe Bildschirmtext, rufe Bildschirmtext Hab heut Nacht nichts zu tun, heut Nacht nichts zu tun Ich brauch ein Rendez-vous, ich brauch ein Rendez-vous 
autobahn-Kraftwerk[SEP]Autobahn Autobahn Autobahn Autobahn  Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Vor uns liegt ein weites Tal Die Sonne scheint mit Glitzerstrahl  Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Die Fahrbahn ist ein graues Band Weiße Streifen, grüner Rand  Autobahn Autobahn Autobahn  Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Jetzt schalten wir ja das Radio an Aus dem Lautsprecher klingt es dann:  Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn (Wir fahr'n auf der Autobahn!) Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn (Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn) Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn (Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn) (Wir fahr'n auf der Autobahn!) Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn (Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn) Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn (Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn) Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn (Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn) Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn (Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn) Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn (Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn)  Fahr'n auf der Autobahn Fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Wir fahr'n, fahr'n, fahr'n auf der Autobahn Fahr'n auf der Autobahn Fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Fahr'n auf der Autobahn Fahr'n auf der Autobahn Fahr'n auf der Autobahn Fahr'n auf der Autobahn Fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Fahr'n auf der Autobahn Fahr'n auf der Autobahn Fahr'n auf der Autobahn  Autobahn  Fahr'n auf der Autobahn Fahr'n auf der Autobahn Fahr'n auf der Autobahn 
fancy-Iggy Azalea[SEP][Verse 1 — Iggy Azalea:] First thing's first, I'm the realest (realest) Drop this and let the whole world feel it (let them feel it) And I'm still in the Murda Bizness I could hold you down, like I'm givin' lessons in physics (right, right) You should want a bad bitch like this (huh?) Drop it low and pick it up just like this (yeah) Cup of Ace, cup of Goose, cup of Cris High heels, somethin' worth a half a ticket on my wrist (on my wrist) Takin' all the liquor straight, never chase that (never) Rooftop like we bringin' '88 back (what?) Bring the hooks in, where the bass at? Champagne spillin', you should taste that  [Chorus — Charli XCX:] I'm so fancy You already know I'm in the fast lane From L.A. to Tokyo I'm so fancy Can't you taste this gold? Remember my name 'Bout to blow  [Verse 2 — Iggy Azalea:] I said, "Baby, I do this, I thought that you knew this" Can't stand no haters and honest, the truth is And my flow retarded, they speak it depart it Swagger on super, I can't shop at no department Better get my money on time, if they not money, decline And swear I meant that there so much that they give that line a rewind So get my money on time, if they not money, decline I just can't worry 'bout no haters, gotta stay on my grind Now tell me, who that, who that? That do that, do that? Put that paper over all, I thought you knew that, knew that I be the I-G-G-Y, put my name in bold I been working, I'm up in here with some change to throw  [Chorus — Charli XCX:] I'm so fancy You already know I'm in the fast lane From L.A. to Tokyo I'm so fancy Can't you taste this gold? Remember my name 'Bout to blow  [Bridge — Charli XCX:] Trash the hotel Let's get drunk on the mini bar Make the phone call Feels so good getting what I want Yeah, keep on turning it up Chandelier swinging, we don't give a fuck Film star, yeah I'm deluxe Classic, expensive, you don't get to touch Ow...  [Verse 3 — Iggy Azalea:] Still stuntin', how you love that? Got the whole world asking how I does that Hot girl, hands off, don't touch that Look at it I bet you wishing you could clutch that It's just the way you like it, huh? You're so good, he's just wishing he could bite it, huh? Never turn down nothing Slaying these hoes, gold trigger on the gun like  [Chorus — Charli XCX:] I'm so fancy You already know I'm in the fast lane From L.A. to Tokyo I'm so fancy Can't you taste this gold? Remember my name 'Bout to blow  [Outro] Who that, who that, I-G-G-Y That do that, do that, I-I-G-G-Y Who that, who that, I-G-G-Y Blow  Who-who-who-who that, who that, I-G-G-Y That do that, do that, I-G-G-Y Who that, who that, I-G-G-Y Blow 
don't leave me this way-Thelma Houston[SEP]Don't leave me this way I can't survive, I can't stay alive Without your love, oh baby Don't leave me this way, now I can't exist, I will surely miss Your tender kiss, don't leave me this way  Oh... baby, my heart is full of love and desire for you Now, come on down and do what you've got to do You started this fire down in my soul Now can't you see it's burning out of control? Then come on, satisfy the need in me 'Cause only your good loving can set me free Set me free, set me free  Don't, don't you leave me this way, no Don't you understand, I'm at your command? Oh baby, please, please don't leave me this way, no, baby Don't leave me this way, now I can't survive, I can't stay alive Without your love, baby Don't leave me this way  Oh... baby, my heart is full of love and desire for you So come on down and do what you've got to do You started this fire down in my soul Now can't you see it's burning out of control? So come on, satisfy the need in me 'Cause only your good loving can set me free Set me free, set me free Need your loving, baby, need, need Need your love right now  Baby, baby, please Come and satisfy the need in me...  Need your love right now...  Your love is so important to me...  Satisfy the need in me...  Oh baby, come and satisfy the need in me...  Don't leave me this way, no...  Don't leave me this way, baby... 
billie jean-Michael Jackson[SEP]She was more like a beauty queen From a movie scene I said, "Don't mind, but what do you mean I am the one Who will dance on the floor in the round?" She said I am the one Who will dance on the floor in the round  She told me her name was Billie Jean As she caused a scene Then every head turned with eyes that dreamed of being the one Who will dance on the floor in the round  People always told me, "Be careful of what you do. And don't go around breaking young girls' hearts." And mother always told me, "A-be careful of who you love, And be careful of what you do 'Cause the lie becomes the truth."  Billie Jean is not my lover She's just a girl who claims that I am the one But the kid is not my son She says I am the one But the kid is not my son  For forty days and for forty nights Law was on her side But who can stand When she's in demand Her schemes and plans 'Cause we danced on the floor in the round So take my strong advice Just remember to always think twice (Do think twice, do think twice.)  She told, "My baby, we'd danced 'til three." Then she looked at me Then showed a photo of a baby cry His eyes looked like mine, oh, no Do a dance on the floor in the round, baby  A-people always told me, "Be careful of what you do And don't go around breaking young girls' hearts." (Don't break no heart.) A-but she came and stood right by me And just the smell of sweet perfume And this happened much too soon And she called me to her room  Billie Jean is not my lover She's just a girl who claims that I am the one But the kid is not my son (No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.) Billie Jean is not my lover She's just a girl who claims that I am the one But the kid is not my son She says I am the one But the kid is not my son  She says I am the one But the kid is not my son  No, no, no  Billie Jean is not my lover She's just a girl who claims that I am the one (No, there's not me, baby.) But the kid is not my son (No, no, no, no, no, no, no.) She says I am the one (No, babe.) But the kid is not my son, no, no, no  She says I am the one You know what you did She says he is my son Breaking my heart, babe She says I am the one  Billie Jean is not my lover Billie Jean is not my lover Billie Jean is not my lover She is the one Billie Jean is not my lover She is the one Don't call me Billie Jean Billie Jean is not my lover She is the one She stumbled onto the scene Billie Jean is not my lover Billie Jean is not my lover 
rock with you-Michael Jackson[SEP]Girl, close your eyes Let that rhythm get into you Don't try to fight it There ain't nothin' that you can do Relax your mind Lay back and groove with mine You got to feel the heat And we can ride the boogie Share that beat of love  I wanna rock with you (all night) Dance you into day (sunlight) I wanna rock with you (all night) We're gonna rock the night away  Out on the floor There ain't nobody there but us Girl, when you dance There's a magic that must be love Just take it slow 'Cause we got so far to go When you feel that heat And we're gonna ride the boogie Share that beat of love  I wanna rock with you (all night) Dance you into day (sunlight) I wanna rock with you (all night) We're gonna rock the night away  And when the grove is dead and gone (yeah) You know that love survives So we can rock forever, on  I wanna rock with you I wanna groove with you  I wanna rock with you I wanna groove with you  I wanna rock (all night) with you girl (sunlight) Rock with you rock with you girl (yeah) (all night) Dance the night away  I wanna rock with you (yeah) (all night) Rock you into day (sunlight) I wanna rock with you (all night) Rock the night away Feel the heat feel the beat Rock you into day (sunlight) I wanna rock – rock the night away 
beat it-Michael Jackson[SEP]They told him, "Don't you ever come around here. Don't wanna see your face. You better disappear." The fire's in their eyes and their words are really clear So beat it, just beat it  You better run, you better do what you can Don't wanna see no blood, don't be a macho man You wanna be tough, better do what you can So beat it, but you wanna be bad  [Chorus] Just beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it No one wants to be defeated Showin' how funky strong is your fight It doesn't matter who's wrong or right  Just beat it, beat it [4x]  They're out to get you, better leave while you can Don't wanna be a boy, you wanna be a man You wanna stay alive, better do what you can So beat it, just beat it  You have to show them that you're really not scared You're playin' with your life, this ain't no truth or dare They'll kick you, then they beat you, then they'll tell you it's fair So beat it, but you wanna be bad  [Chorus 2x] Just beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it No one wants to be defeated Showin' how funky strong is your fight It doesn't matter who's wrong or right  Just beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it  Beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it No one wants to be defeated Showin' how funky strong is your fight It doesn't matter who's wrong or right  [Chorus 3x] Just beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it No one wants to be defeated Showin' how funky strong is your fight It doesn't matter who's wrong or right  Just beat it, beat it Beat it, beat it, beat it 
crying in the chapel-Elvis Presley[SEP]You saw me crying in the chapel. The tears I shed were tears of joy I know the meaning of contentment Now I am happy with the Lord  Just a plain and simple chapel Where humble people go to pray I pray the Lord that I'll grow stronger As I live from day to day  I've searched and I've searched But I couldn't find No way on earth To gain peace of mind  Now I'm happy in the chapel Where people are of one accord One accord Yes, we gather in the chapel Just to sing and praise the Lord  You'll search and you'll search But you'll never find No way on earth To gain peace of mind  Take your troubles to the chapel Get down on your knees and pray Then your burdens will be lighter And you'll surely find the way 
stuck on you-Elvis Presley[SEP]You can shake an apple off an apple tree Shake-a, shake- sugar, But you'll never shake me Uh-uh-uh No-sir-ee, uh, uh I'm gonna stick like glue, Stick because I'm Stuck on you  I'm gonna run my fingers thru your long black hair Squeeze you tighter than a grizzly bear Uh-uh-uh, Yes-sir-ee, uh, uh I'm gonna stick like glue Stick, because I'm Stuck on you  Hide in the kitchen, hide in the hall Ain't gonna do you no good at all 'Cause once I catch ya and the kissin' starts A team o' wild horses couldn't tear us apart  Try to take a tiger from this daddy's side That's how love is gonna keep us tied Uh-uh-uh Yes-sir-ee, uh, uh I'm gonna stick like glue Stick, because I'm Stuck on you 
it's now or never-Elvis Presley[SEP]It's now or never Come hold me tight Kiss me my darling Be mine tonight Tomorrow will be too late It's now or never My love won't wait  When I first saw you With your smile so tender My heart was captured My soul surrendered I'd spend a lifetime Waiting for the right time Now that you're near The time is here at last  It's now or never Come hold me tight Kiss me my darling Be mine tonight Tomorrow will be too late It's now or never My love won't wait  Just like a willow We would cry an ocean If we lost true love And sweet devotion Your lips excite me Let your arms invite me For who knows when We'll meet again this way  It's now or never Come hold me tight Kiss me my darling Be mine tonight Tomorrow will be too late It's now or never My love won't wait  It's now or never My love won't wait  It's now or never My love won't wait  It's now or never My love won't wait 
remember-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Oh, remember the mocking bird, my baby bun He used to sing for his supper, baby Yes he used to sing for his supper, babe He used to sing so sweet Since my baby left me he ain't sang for two long days Oh, remember the blue-birds and the honey bees, They used to sing for sunshine They used to sing for the flowers They used to sing so sweet But since my baby left me they ain't sang in two long days Hey pretty baby, come on back to me Make ev'ry body as happy as can be So, baby, if you'll please come home again you know i'll Kiss you for my supper, You know I'll kiss you for my dinner, yeah! But, ah, if you don't come back you know I'll have to Starve to death 'cus I ain't had one kiss all day now Please remember You've got to remember You've got to remember our love Come on back, baby, come on back in my arms, I'll make ev'rything that better Come on, baby, hurry up now Can you hear me calling you back again now? Come on, baby, stop jiving around, hurry home, hurry home 
51st anniversary-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]51st anniversary  A fifty years they've been married And they can't wait for their fifty first to roll around Yeah, roll around A thirty years they've been married And now they're old and happy and they settle down Settle down yeah! Twenty years they've been married And they did everything that could be done You know their havin' fun  And then you come along and talk about  So you say you wanna be married I'm gonna change your mind Oh got to change That was the good side baby Here comes the bad side  Ten years they've been married And a thousand kids run around hungry Cause ther mother's a louse Daddy's down at the wihiskey house That ain't all  For thirty years they've been married They don't get along so good They're tired of each other, you know how that goes She got another lover Huh same old thing  So now you're seventeen Running around hanging out, and a havin' your fun Life for you has just begun, baby  And then you come saying So you, you say you wanna get married Oh baby trying to put me on a chain Aint that some shame You must be losing your, sweet little mind I ain't ready yet, baby, I ain't ready I'm gonna change your mind  Oooh look out baby Oh I ain't ready I ain't ready I ain't ready  Let me live Let me live Let me live a little longer [Etc.] 
ezy ryder-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]There goes Ezy Ezy Ryder Ridin' down the highway of desire He says the free wind Takes him higher Tryin' to find his heaven above But he's dyin' to be loved, dyin' to be loved  He's tellin' me livin' Is so magic Something is forever So he claims He's talkin' 'bout lyin' It's so tragic baby But don't you worry 'bout today We got freedom comin' our way, freedom comin' our way  How long Do you Think he is gonna last Carryin' on outta gas  See all the others say "Do what you please" Gotta get the brothers together And the right to be free In a cloud of angel dust I think I see me a freak Hey motorcycle mama You gonna marry me?  I'll be stone crazy Love comin' in at you Stone crazy baby  There goes Ezy Ezy Ryder Ridin' down the highway of desire He says the free wind Takes him higher Tryin' to find his heaven above But he's dyin' to be loved, dyin' to be loved 
spanish castle magic-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]It's very far away It takes about half a day to get there If we travel by my dragonfly No it's not in Spain But all the same, you know, it's a groovy name And the wind's just right, hey  Hang on my darling Hang on if you want to go You know it's really groovy place And it's just a little bit of a Spanish castle magic  The clouds are really low And they overflow with cotton candy And battlegrounds, red and brown But it's all in your mind Don't think your time on bad things Just float your little mind around, look out  Hang on my darling, yeah Hang on if you want to go It puts everything else on the shelf With just a little bit of Spanish castle magic, yeah baby, here's some  Yeah, okay babe, okay It's still all in your mind babe  Hang on my darling, hey Hang on, hang on if you wanna go And it's happening, oh no, damn hey That's right baby, listen, a little bit of Spanish castle magic, hey Little bit of Spanish castle magic, hey hey I can't uh, sing this song, no Yeah, okay baby, get on baby, yeah It's all in your mind baby Little bit of daydream here and there  Yeah Ooh yeah Ow Everything's gonna be alright 
bold as love-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Anger, he smiles Towering in shiny metallic purple armour Queen Jealousy, envy waits behind him Her fiery green gown sneers at the grassy ground  Blue are the life-giving waters taken for granted They quietly understand Once happy turquoise armies lay opposite ready But wonder why the fight is on But they're all bold as love, yeah, they're all bold as love Yeah, they're all bold as love Just ask the axis  My red is so confident that he flashes trophies of war And ribbons of euphoria Orange is young, full of daring But very unsteady for the first go round My yellow in this case is not so mellow In fact I'm trying to say it's frightened like me And all these emotions of mine keep holding me from, eh Giving my life to a rainbow like you But, I'm eh, yeah, I'm bold as love Yeah, yeah Well I'm bold, bold as love (hear me talking, girl) I'm bold as love Just ask the axis (he knows everything) Yeah Yeah Yeah 
red house-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]There's a Red House over yonder That's where my baby stays There's a Red House over yonder, baby That's where my baby stays  Well, I ain't been home to see my baby, in ninety nine and one half days. 'Bout time I see her, Wait a minute something's wrong here The key won't unlock the door.  Wait a minute something's wrong baby, Lord, have mercy, this key won't unlock this door, something's goin' on here. I have a bad bad feeling that my baby don't live here no more.  That's all right, I still got my guitar Look out now . . .  I might as well go on back down go back 'cross yonder over the hill I might as well go back over yonder way back over yonder 'cross the hill, (That's where I came from.)  'Cause if my baby don't love me no more, I know her sister will! 
voodoo child (slight return)-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Well, I stand up next to a mountain And I chop it down with the edge of my hand Well, I stand up next to a mountain And I chop it down with the edge of my hand Well, I pick up all the pieces and make an island Might even raise a little sand Yeah  'Cause I'm a voodoo child Lord knows I'm a voodoo child, baby  I want to say one more last thing  I didn't mean to take up all your sweet time I'll give it right back to you one of these days, hahaha I said I didn't mean to take up all your sweet time I'll give it right back one of these days Oh yeah If I don't meet you no more in this world, then I'll meet you in the next one And don't be late Don't be late  'Cause I'm a voodoo child, voodoo child Lord knows I'm a voodoo child, baby  I'm a voodoo child, baby I don't take no for an answer Question no Lord knows I'm a voodoo child, baby 
drifting-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Drifting On a sea of forgotten teardrops On a lifeboat Sailing for Your love  Sailing home  Drifting On a sea of old heartbreaks On a lifeboat Sailing for Your love Sailing home 
hey baby (new rising sun)-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Is the microphone on?  Hey, Baby... where do you come from? Well she looked at me and smiled and looked into Space... and said, "I'm comin' from the land of a new Rising Sun." Then I said, "Hey Baby, where ya tryin' to go to?" Then she says, "I'm gonna spin and spread around Peace of Mind... and a whole lotta Love to you and you!"  Hey, Girl! I'd like to come along! Yes, I'd like to come along! "Would you like to come along?" she asked me. Yes take me along, right now!  Hey Baby, can I step into your World a while? "Yes you can," she said, "come on back with me for a while- we're gonna go cross the Jupiter's sands, and see all your people one by one! We gotta help the people out, right now... that's what I'm doing here, all about."  Yeah! Yeah! May I come along? May I come along? May I come along? Yeah! Yeah! Please take me! 
1983 (a merman i should turn to be)-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Hurrah i awake from yesterday alive but the war is here to stay so my love catherina and me decide to take our last walk through the noise to the sea not to die but to be re-born away from a life so battered and torn.... forever... oh say can you see its really such a mess every inch of earth is a fighting nest giant pencil and lip-stick tube shaped things continue to rain and cause screaming pain and the arctic stains from silver blue to bloody red as our feet find the sand and the sea is strait ahead.. strait ahead..... well its too bad that our friends cant be with us today well thats too bad "the machine that we built would never save us" thats what they say (thats why they aint coming with us today) and they also said "its impossible for man to live and breath underwater.. forever" was their main complaint (yeah) and they also threw this in my face: they said anyway you know good well it would be beyond the will of God and the grace of the King (grace of the King yeah yeah)  so my darling and I make love in the sand to salute the last moment ever on dry land our machine has done its work played its part well without a scratch on our bodies and we bid it farewell  starfish and giant foams greet us with a smile before our heads go under we take a last look at the killing noise of the out of style... the out of style, out of style 
she's so fine-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]She walks with a bell-clock round her neck So the hippies think she's in with time Time... Her hair glistens like robins on a deck Branches attack me from her neck  She's so fine She's so very very fine  The sun from a cloud sinks into her eyes The rain from a tree soaks into her mind Mind... Morning sign sounds just like a lock All these signs are always a stock  She's so fine She's so very very fine  When I veer I get so near But so far far far away Listen to me today  We united just beside a leaf The ground was hard underneath her her  Ah ah She's so fine Ah ah 
(i'm your) hoochie coochie man-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]The gypsy woman told my mother Before I was born I got a boy child's comin' He's gonna be a son of a gun He gonna make pretty women's Jump and shout Then the world wanna know What this all about But you know I'm him Everybody knows I'm him Well you know I'm the hoochie coochie man Everybody knows I'm him  I got a black cat bone I got a mojo too I got the Johnny Concheroo I'm gonna mess with you I'm gonna make you girls Lead me by my hand Then the world will know The hoochie coochie man But you know I'm him Everybody knows I'm him Oh you know I'm the hoochie coochie man Everybody knows I'm him  On the seventh hours On the seventh day On the seventh month The seven doctors say He was born for good luck And that you'll see I got seven hundred dollars Don't you mess with me But you know I'm him Everybody knows I'm him Well you know I'm the hoochie coochie man Everybody knows I'm him 
somewhere-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Oh uh, I see fingers, hands and shades of faces, Reachin' up and not quite touchin' the promised land, I hear pleas and prayers and a desperate whisper sayin, Oh, Lord, please give us a helpin' hand, Yeah yeah  Way down in the background, I can see frustrated souls of cities burnin, And all across the water,baby, I see weapons barkin' out the sting of death, And up in the clouds I can imagine UFOs jumpin' themselves, Laughin' they sayin', Those people so uptight, they sure know how to make a mess  Back in the saloon my tears mix and mildew with my drink, I can't really tell my feet from the sawdust on the floor, But as far as I know, they may even try to wrap me up in cellophane and try and sell me Brother sell me, and don't worry about lookin at the score Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah 
earth blues-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Well, I see hands, and I see tear-stained faces Reaching up but not quite touching the promised land Well, I taste tears and the precious years wasted Saying Lord, please, send us a helping hand  (Lord, Lord, Lord) On the mountain stands a woman (Lord, Lord, Lord) Hey, I feel her shining light (Lord, Lord, Lord) Lord, must be the answer (Lord, Lord, Lord) Thank you, Lord, and keep her alright Got them earth blues today  I hear the thunder of freedom's beating heart Sirens clashing with black earth and rocking stone I think you better love me now, darling, it just might be too late after a while And tell our child to bury old daddy's broken clothes  (Lord, Lord, Lord) Hey, I see a beautiful woman (Lord, Lord, Lord) Yes, and I feel her shining light on me (Lord, Lord, Lord) Lord! Must be the answer (Lord, Lord, Lord) Help me, Lord, and keep her alright for me  (Help me, darling) Help me, darling (Help me, darling) To keep the light (Help me, darling) Everything alright (Help me, darling) Keep shining bright (Help me, darling) Help me darling (Help me, darling) Help me darling (Help me, darling) Ooh! (Help me, darling)  Got those earth blues today (Lord, Lord, Lord) Ooh! (Lord, Lord, Lord)  Yeah but, uh, sometimes my imagination grabs me by surprise A queen of ebony in chains I visualize And back on the moon, I see her portrait in a tomb And these words are written, first woman from God's womb  (Lord, Lord, Lord) Hey! Stands a woman (Lord, Lord, Lord) And I feel her shining light (Lord, Lord, Lord) Lord, must be the answer (Lord, Lord, Lord) Thank you, Lord, and keep her alright Yeah! I think I'll be alright with my baby now Shake these earth blues away from me, baby 
stone free-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Everyday in the week I'm in a different city If I stay too long people try to pull me down They talk about me like a dog Talkin' about the clothes I wear But they don't realize they're the ones who's square  Yeah! And that's why You can't hold me down I don't want to be tied down I gotta move Hey  I said Stone free do what I please Stone free to ride the breeze Stone free, baby I can't stay I got to got to got to get away Yeah  Listen here baby A woman here a woman there try to keep me in a plastic cage But they don't realize it's so easy to break Yeah but a sometimes I get a ha Feel my heart kind a gettin' hot That's when I got to move before I get caught  So dig this And the is why, listen to me baby, you can't hold me down I don't want to be tied down I gotta move on  I said Stone free do what I please Stone free to ride the breeze Stone free I can't stay Got to got to got to get away Yeah Tear me loose baby  Hey Yeah! I said Stone free to ride on the breeze Stone free do what I please Stone free I can't stay Stone free I got to I got to get away Hey Stone free go on down the highway Stone free don't try to hold me back baby Stone free stone free Stone free got to baby Stone free got get on 
blue suede shoes-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Well, it's one for the money, Two for the show, Three to get ready, Now go, cat, go  But don't you... Step on my blue suede shoes Well, you can do anything But lay off of my blue suede shoes  Well, you can knock me down, Step in my face, Slander my name, All over the place  Well, do anything that you want to do, but uh-uh Honey, lay off of my shoes And don't you... Step on my blue suede shoes Well, you can do anything But lay off of my blue suede shoes  Well, you can burn my house, Steal my car, Drink my liquor, From an old fruit jar  Do anything that you want to do But uh-uh, honey, lay off of my shoes And don't you Step on my blue suede shoes Well, you can do anything But lay off of my blue suede shoes  Well, it's one for the money, Two for the show, Three to get ready, Now go, go, go  But don't you Step on my blue suede shoes Well, you can do anything But lay off of my blue suede shoes 
the wind cries mary-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]After all the jacks are in their boxes And the clowns have all gone to bed You can hear happiness staggering on down the street Footprints dressed in red  And the wind whispers, "Mary."  A broom is drearily sweeping Up the broken pieces of yesterday's life Somewhere a queen is weeping Somewhere a king has no wife  And the wind—it cries, "Mary!"  The traffic lights—they turn, uh, blue tomorrow And shine their emptiness down on my bed The tiny island sags downstream "Cause the life that lived is—is dead  And the wind screams, "Mary!"  Will the wind ever remember The names it has blown in the past? And with this crutch, its old age and its wisdom It whispers, "No. This will be the last."  And the wind cries, "Mary!" 
astro man-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Here I come to save the day  A little boy inside a dream just the other day His mind fell out of his face and the wind blew it away A hand came out from heaven and pinned a badge on his chest It said "Get out there, man, and do your best" ooh  They call him Astro Man And he's flyin' higher than That faggot Superman ever could  Oh, they call him Cosmic Nut And he's twice as dense as Donald Duck And he'll try his best to screw you up The rest of your mind Oh, regard my baby, come on!  Astro Man, flyin' across the sky two times higher Than that old faggot Superman ever, ever could Ever could, yeah Ha  There he goes, there he goes Where he stops, no one knows There he goes, there he goes, ya He's tryin' to, tryin' to blow out the rest of your mind He's gonna blow out the rest of your mind Talkin' about lookin' for peace of mind Astro Man will leave it in pieces Have you put our trouble behind him, yeah Make you fly around in pieces Yeah, blow out the rest of your mind Astro Man will blow out the rest of your mind He's gonna blow out the rest of your mind Hoo-hoo, ye-ye-ye-yeah, blow out the rest, blow out the rest of Your mind 
house burning down-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!  Look at the sky turn a hell fire red Somebody's house is burnin' down down, down down Down, down, down  Well I asked my friend where is that black smoke comin' from? He just coughed and changed the subject and Said oh wa I think it might snow some So I left him sippin' his tea an' I jumped in my chariot And rode off to see just why and who could it be this time  Sisters and brothers daddys mothers standin' 'round cryin' When I reached the scene the flames were makin' a ghostly whine So I stood on my horse's back an' I screamed without a crack I say oh baby why'd you burn your brother's house down?  Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!  Look out the sky turn a hell fire red Lord Somebody's house is burnin' down down, down down Look out the sky turn a hell fire red Lord Somebody's house is burnin' down down, down down down  Well someone stepped from the crowd he was nineteen miles high He shouts retired and disgusted so we paint red through the sky I said the truth is straight ahead so don't burn yourself instead Try to learn instead of burn, hear what I say, yeah, yeah  So I fin'ly rode away but I'll never forget that day 'Cause when I reached the valley I looked way down cross the way A giant boat from space landed with eerie grace And came and taken all the dead away  Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!  What'd I say Look at the sky turn a hell fire red Lord Somebody's house is burning down down, down down Look at the sky turn a hell fire red Lord Somebody's house is burning down down, down down Look at the sky, look at the sky  Ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh Oh baby 
i don't live today-Jimi Hendrix[SEP]Will I live tomorrow? Well I just can't say Will I live tomorrow? Well, I just can't say  But I know for sure I Don't Live Today  No sun coming through my windows Feel like I'm sitting at the bottom of a grave No sun coming through my windows Feel like I'm sitting at the bottom of a grave  I wish you'd hurry up 'n' rescue me So I can be on my mis'rable way  I Don't Live Today It's such a shame to waste you time away like this  Will I live tomorrow? Well, I just can't say Will I live tomorrow? Well, I just can't say  But I know for sure I Don't Live Today 
tommy gun-Clash[SEP]tommy gun you ain't happy less you got one tommy gun ain't gonna shoot the place up just for fun maybe he wants to die  for the money maybe he wants to kill  for his country whatever he wants, he's gonna get it!  tommy gun you better strip it down for a customs run tommy gun waiting in the airport 'till kingdom come an' we can watch you make it on the nine o'clock news standing there in palestine lighting the fuse whatever you want, you're gonna get it  tommy gun you'll be dead when your war is won tommy gun but did you have to gun down everyone? i can see it's kill or be killed a nation of destiny has got to be fulfilled whatever you want, you're gonna get it!  tommy gun you can be a hero in an age of none tommy gun i'm cutting out your picture from page one i'm gonna get a jacket just like yours an' give my false support to your cause whatever you want, you're gonna get it!  okay, so let's agree about the price And make it one jet airliner for ten prisoners boats an' tanks and planes, it's your game kings an' queens an' generals learn your name i see all the innocents, the human sacrifice and if death comes so cheap then the same goes for life! 
career opportunities (child version)-Clash[SEP]They offered me the office, offered me the shop They said I'd better take anything they'd got Do you wanna make tea at the BBC? Do you wanna be, do you really wanna be a cop?  Career opportunities are the ones that never knock Every job they offer you is to keep you out the dock Career opportunities, the ones that never knock  I hate all of my school's rules They just think that I'm another fool  Bus driver....ambulance man....ticket inspector I don't understand  They're gonna have to introduce conscription They're gonna have to take away my prescription If they wanna get me making toys If they wanna get me, I got no choice  Careers Careers Careers  Career opportunities, the ones that never knock 
something about england-Clash[SEP]They say immigrants steal the hubcaps Of the respected gentlemen They say it would be wine an' roses If England were for Englishmen again  Well I saw a dirty overcoat At the foot of the pillar of the road Propped inside was an old man Whom time would not erode When the night was snapped by sirens Those blue lights circled past The dancehall called for an' ambulance The bars all closed up fast  My silence gazing at the ceiling While roaming the single room I thought the old man could help me If he could explain the gloom You really think it's all new You really think about it too The old man scoffed as he spoke to me I'll tell you a thing or two  I missed the fourteen-eighteen war But not the sorrow afterwards With my father dead and my mother ran off My brothers took the pay of hoods The twenties turned the north was dead The hunger strike came marching south At the garden party not a word was said The ladies lifted cake to their mouths  The next war began and my ship sailed With battle orders writ in bed In five long years of bullets and shells We left ten million dead The few returned to old Piccadily We limped around Leicester Square The world was busy rebuilding itself The architects could not care  But how could we know when I was young All the changes that were to come? All the photos in the wallets on the battlefield And now the terror of the scientific sun There was masters an' servants an' servants an' dogs They taught you how to touch your cap But through strikes an' famine an' war an' peace England never closed this gap  So leave me now the moon is up But remember all the tales I tell The memories that you have dredged up Are on letters forwarded from hell  The streets were by now deserted The gangs had trudged off home The lights clicked off in the bedsits An' old England was all alone 
cheat-Clash[SEP]i get violent when i'm fucked up i get silent when i'm drugged up want excitement, don't get none, i go wild  i don't know what can be done about it if you play the game you get nothing out of it find out for yourself try bein' a goody goody  you better cheat cheat no reason to play fair cheat cheat or don't get anywhere cheat cheat if you can't win  nobody knows what they are doing it's beyond your control, an' friday night's a ruin if you wanna survive you better learn how to lie  don't use the rules they're not for you, they're for the fools and you're a fool if you don't know that so use the rule you stupid fool 
safe european home-Clash[SEP]well, i just got back an' i wish i never leave now who dat martian arrival at the airport? how many local dollars for a local anaesthetic? the johnny on the corner was a very sympathetic  i went to the place where every white face is an invitation to robbery an' sitting here in my safe european home i don't wanna go back there again  wasn't i lucky n' wouldn't it be loverly? send us all cards, an' have a laying in on a sunday i was there for two weeks, so how come i never tell that natty dread drinks at the sheraton hotel?  now they got the sun, an' they got the palm trees they got the weed, an' they got the taxis whoa, the harder they come, n' the home of ol' bluebeat yes i'd stay an' be a tourist but i can't take the gunplay 
should i stay or should i go?-Clash[SEP]Darlin' you got to let me know Should I stay or should I go? If you say that you are mine I'll be here 'til the end of time So you got to let me know Should I stay or should I go?  It's always tease tease tease You're happy when I'm on my knees One day is fine and next is black So if you want me off your back Well come on and let me know Should I stay or should I go?  Should I stay or should I go now? Should I stay or should I go now? If I go there will be trouble And if I stay it will be double So come on and let me know  This indecision's buggin' me (esta indecisión me molesta) If you don't want me, set me free (Si no me quieres, librame) Exactly whom I'm supposed to be (Dime! ¿Qué tengo ser?) Don't you know which clothes even fit me? (No sabes que ropas me queda) Come on and let me know (Pero tienes que decir) Should I cool it or should I blow? (¿Me debo ir o quedarme?)  Split  (Doble! ¿Me frío o lo soplo?) (Esperda) (Rrattarrattarrattaa...)  Should I stay or should I go now? (Yo me enfrio o lo soplo) Should I stay or should I go now? (Yo me enfrio o lo soplo) If I go there will be trouble (Si me voy, va a haber peligro) And if I stay it will be double (Si me quedo, es doble) So you gotta let me know (Pero que tienes que decir) Should I cool it or should I blow? (¿Me frío o lo soplo?) Should I stay or should I go now? (¿Me frío o lo soplo?) If I go there will be trouble (Si me voy, va a haber peligro) And if I stay it will be double (Si me quedo, es doble) So you gotta let me know (Pero que tienes que decir) Should I stay or should I go 
the equaliser-Clash[SEP]No! Gangboss no! We don't want the whip!  As you get weaker - it will get harder So don't be like him Keep your bones of effort and strngth Don't sell them to him  We don't want no gangboss We want to equalize To my fathers fathers fathers father Work was no joy When his son had grown of age You got to work now boy Never ceasing for many years Want to follow that boy?  Till half and half is equalized Put down the tools See the car see the house See the fabulous jewels See the world you have built it with shoulders of iron See the world but it is not yours say the stealers of Zion  Geneva Wall Street Who makes them so fat? Well well me an' you better think about that In overdrive whooo  Till humanize is equalize Put down the tools Every face on every side Throw down the tools Stay at home Don't check with Rome paint strike on the door It's one to one the fight is on so don't go to war  We don't need no gangboss We have to equalize 
janie jones-Clash[SEP]He's in love with rock'n'roll woaahh He's in love with gettin' stoned woaahh He's in love with Janie Jones But he don't like his boring job, no...  An' he knows what he's got to do So he knows he's gonna have fun with you You lucky lady! An' he knows when the evening comes When his job is done he'll be over in his car for you  An' in the in-tray lots of work But the boss at the firm always thinks he shirks But he's just like everyone, he's got a Ford Cortina That just won't run without fuel Fill her up, Jacko!  An' the invoice it don't quite fit, There's no payola in his alphabetical file This time he's gonna really tell the boss Gonna really let him know exactly how he feels It's pretty bad!  Let them know - how you feel 
long time jerk-Clash[SEP]Gonna scrape the trouble off my boots!  As they were dancing in the evening And the light shone through the trees This girl my eye was following Asked the band to play her a beat  Singin' she'd do that long time jerk She hit me where it hurts Ohhh your heart Now my heart will burst Oh no  Ah, but it took me back to that  wonderland I witnessed long ago Babbling words of preachers Sayin'- "Don't bury me no more"  Ohh...  And I've forgotten how to worry And I don't know how to run Against the odds I realize This struggle could be won!  We dance  Long time jerk She did it to me first Ohhh my heart With that long time jerk  Ah! Say..... Do that long time jerk.  Bring on those tapes from the past They make you look better in a mirror Feel that long time jerkin' Between the taker and the giver  Feel that...  Long time jerk She hit me where it hurts Oh I felt my heart Now my heart will burst  I've forgotten how to worry And I don't know how to run Against the odds I realize This struggle could be fun!  Oh, through lanes and streets and houses And reversing rush of time She made me re-invent the world Before inventing time (Before inventing time)  Long time jerk Oh, she hit me where it hurts Ohhhhh my heart Long time jerk  Long, long, long, long, long Long time Long time jerk 
the crooked beat-Clash[SEP]Start the car lets make a midnight run Across the river to South London To dance to the latest hi-fi sound Of bass, guitar and drum Seeking out a rhythm that can take the pressure off Stepping in and out of that crooked crooked beat  Take a piece of cloth, a coin for thirst For the sweat will start to run With a cymbal splash, a word of truth And a rocking bass and drum Seeking out a rhythm that can take the pressure on Stepping in and out of that crooked crooked beat  So one by one they come on down From the tower blocks of my home town Stepping with the rhythm of the rockers beat Drowning out the pressure of the crooked beat Seeking out a rhythm that can take the tension on Stepping in and out of that crooked crooked beat  It has crooked past this crooked street Where cars patrol this crooked beat Badges flsh and sirens wail They'll be taking one and all to jail  Prance! Prance! You want a law to dance? 
straight to hell-Clash[SEP]If you can play on the fiddle How's about a British jig and reel? Speaking King's English in quotation As railhead towns feel the steel mills rust water froze In the generation Clear as winter ice This is your paradise  There ain't no need for ya Go straight to hell boys  Y'wanna join in a chorus Of the Amerasian blues? When it's Christmas out in Ho Chi Minh City Kiddie say papa papa papa papa-san take me home See me got photo photo Photograph of you Mamma Mamma Mamma-san Of you and Mamma Mamma Mamma-san Lemme tell ya 'bout your blood bamboo kid. It ain't Coca-Cola it's rice.  Straight to hell Oh Papa-san Please take me home Oh Papa-san Everybody they wanna go home So Mamma-san says  You wanna play mind-crazed banjo On the druggy-drag ragtime U.S.A.? In Parkland International Hah! Junkiedom U.S.A. Where procaine proves the purest rock man groove and rat poison The volatile Molatov says-  PSSST... HEY CHICO WE GOT A MESSAGE FOR YA... VAMOS VAMOS MUCHACHO FROM ALPHABET CITY ALL THE WAY A TO Z, DEAD, HEAD  Go straight to hell  Can you really cough it up loud and strong The immigrants They wanna sing all night long It could be anywhere Most likely could be any frontier Any hemisphere No man's land and there ain't no asylum here King Solomon he never lived round here  Go straight to hell boys 
jimmy jazz-Clash[SEP]The police walked in for Jimmy Jazz I said, he ain't here, but he sure went past Oh, you're looking for Jimmy Jazz  Sattamassagana for Jimmy Dread Cut off his ears and chop off his head Police came looking for Jimmy Jazz  So if you're gonna take a message 'cross this town Maybe put it down somewhere over the other side See it gets to Jimmy Jazz  Don't you bother me, not anymore I can't take this tale, oh, no more It's all around, Jimmy Jazz  J-a-zee zee J-a-zed zed J-a-zed zed Jimmy Jazz And then it sucks, he said, suck that! So go look all around, you can try your luck, brother ANd see what you found But I guarantee that it ain't your day Chop! Chop! 
three card trick-Clash[SEP]Patriots of the wasteland torching two hundred years Dragging my spirit back into the dungeon again Bring back crucification cry the moral death's head legion Using steel nails manufactured by the slaves in Asia  You wont fall for that law and order is a baton in the rib You wont fall for that just like your mummy & your daddy did  Blood inside a fountain pen wrote you out of life again & who knows any better than to kick and scratch under English weather From a chain gang to the mill. The mill that sits on top of the hill The fog drowned towns arr gonna have to fade The wrong side of the a scissor blade  You wont fall for that law and order is a baton in the rib You wont fall for that just like your mummy & your daddy did I'll eat my hat I'm gonna be sick They own the pack while we play the three card trick  Dont you remember the place Where we hid the ace? Yeah not thick but slick Now we all gotta play the three card trick 
four horsemen-Clash[SEP]Well they were given the grapes that go ripe in the sun That loosen the screws at the back of the tongue But they told no one where they had begun-four horsemen  They were given all the foods of vanity And all the instant promises of immortality But they bit the dust screamin' insanity!-four horsemen  One was over the edge, one was over the cliff One was lickin' em dry with a bloody great spliff When they picked up the hiker he didn't want the lift From the horsemen  But you! You're not searching, are you now? You're not looking anyhow You're never gonna ride that lonely mile Or put yourself up on trial Oh, you told me how your life was so bad An' I agree that it does seem sad But that's the price that you gotta pay If you're lazing all around all day Four horsemen coming right through Four horsemen and they're pissing by you They make you look like you're wearing a truss Four horsemen and it's gonna be us  Well they gave us everything for bending the mind And we cleaned out their pockets and we drank 'em blind It's a long way to the finish so don't get left behind By those horsemen  And they gave us the grapes that went ripe in the sun That loosen the scews at the back of the tongue But we still told nothing 'bout what was to come Four horsemen 
police and thieves-Clash[SEP]Police and thieves in the streets Oh yeah! Scaring the nation with their guns and ammunition Police and thieves in the street Oh yeah! Fighting the nation with their guns and ammunition  From Genesis to Revelation The next generation will be hear me From Genesis to Revelation The next generation will be hear me  And all the crowd comes in day by day No one stop it in anyway And all the peacemaker turn war officer Hear what I say  [Vocal ad lib]  Police, police, police and thieves oh yeah Police, police, police and thieves oh yeah From Genesis oh yeah Police, police, police and thieves oh yeah  Scaring, fighting the nation Shooting, shooting their guns and ammunition  Police, police, police and thieves oh yeah Police, police, police and thieves oh yeah Here come, here come, here come The station is bombed Get out get out get out you people If you don't wanna get blown up  [Vocal ad lib] 
midnight log-Clash[SEP]Working for the devil You'll have to pay his tax That means going to see him Down among the racks You do his work so fine He'll remember you  Worried for my friend As he shows me round the flat Where I don't wanna find him His lips an' eyelids black He don't believe my speech That lines can and should be drawn Lke if he had a shotgun The barrels would be sawn  Swallowed by the river Swollen by the rains That leakin' ol' computer Of fingerprints and names Swimming in the river That floods the neighborhood I would call to you But it would do no good  Voting for the law That's the general occupation First comes the public safety Second comes the nation You won't believe me now But there's been some illumination The wisest cops have realized They fucked the operation  Cooking up the books A respected occupation The anchor and foundation of multi-corporations They don't believe in crime They don't know that it exists But to understand What's right and wrong The lawyers work in shifts  'N speaking of the devil He ain't been seen for years 'Cept every 20 mins He zooms between me ears I don't believe in books But I read all the time For ciphers to the riddles An' reasons to the rhymes 
somebody got murdered-Clash[SEP]Someone lights a cigarette While riding in a car Some ol' guy takes a swig And passes back the jar But where they were last night No-one can remember Somebody got murdered Goodbye, for keeps, forever  Somebody got murdered Somebody's dead forever  And you're minding your own business Carrying spare change You wouldn't cosh a barber You're hungry all the same I been very tempted To grab it from the till I been very hungry But not enough to kill  Somebody got murdered His name cannot be found A small stain on the pavement They'll scrub it off the ground As the daily crown disperses No-one says that much Somebody got murdered And it' left me with a touch  Somebody got murdered Somebody's dead forever Sounds like murder! Those shouts! Are they drunk down below?  It's late, and my watch stopped Some time ago Sounds like murder! Those screams! Are they drunk down below? 
clampdown-Clash[SEP]Hey, hey! Ooh! The kingdom is ransacked the jewels all taken back and the chopper descends they're hidden in the back with a message on a half-baked tape with the spool going round saying I'm back here in this place and I could cry and there's smoke you could click on  What are we gonna do now? Taking off his turban, they said, is this man a Jew? 'Cause they're working for the clampdown They put up a poster saying we earn more than you! When we're working for the clampdown We will teach our twisted speech To the young believers We will train our blue-eyed men To be young believers  The judge said five to ten, but I say double that again I'm not working for the clampdown No man born with a living soul Can be working for the clampdown Kick over the wall 'cause government's to fall How can you refuse it? Let fury have the hour, anger can be power D'you know that you can use it?  The voices in your head are calling Stop wasting your time, there's nothing coming Only a fool would think someone could save you The men at the factory are old and cunning You don't owe nothing, so boy get running It's the best years of your life they want to steal  You grow up and you calm down You're working for the clampdown You start wearing the blue and brown You're working for the clampdown So you got someone to boss around It makes you feel big now You drift until you brutalize You made your first kill now  In these days of evil presidentes Working for the clampdown But lately one or two has fully paid their due For working for the clampdown Ha! Gitalong! Gitalong! Working for the clampdown Ha! Gitalong! Gitalong! Working for the clampdown  Yeah I'm working hard in Harrisburg Working hard in Petersburg Working for the clampdown Working for the clampdown Ha! Gitalong! Gitalong Begging to be melted down Gitalong, gitalong (Work) (Work) (Work) And I've given away no secrets - ha! (Work) (Work) (More work) (More work) (Work) (Work) (Work) (Work) Who's barmy now? 
death is a star-Clash[SEP]And I was gripped by that deadly phantom I followed him through hard jungles As he stalked through the back lots Strangling through the night shades  The thief of life Moved onwards and outwards to love  In a one stop only motel A storm bangs on  the cheapest room The phantom slips in to spill blood Even on the sweetest honeymoon  The killer of love Caught the last late Niagara bus  By chance or escaping from misery Bu suddeness or in answer to pain Smoking in the dark cinema You could see the bad go down again  And the clouds are high in Spanish mountains And a Ford roars through the night full of rain.  The killer's blood flows But he loads his gun again  Make a grown man cry like a girl To see the guns dying at sunset  In vain lovers claimed But they never had met. 
the right profile-Clash[SEP]Say, where did I see this guy? In Red River? Or a place in the sun? Maybe the Misfits? Or From Here to Eternity?  Everybody say, "Is he all right?" And everybody say, "What's he like?" Everybody say, "He sure look funny." That's...Montgomery Clift, honey!  New York, New York, New York, 42nd Street Hustlers rustle and pimps pimp the beat Monty Clift is recognized at dawn He ain't got no shoes and his clothes are torn  I see a car smashed at night Cut the applause and dim the light Monty's face is broken on a wheel Is he alive? Can he still feel?  Nembutol numbs it all But I prefer alcohol  He said go out and get me my old movie stills Go out and get me another roll of pills There I go again shaking, but I ain't got the chills  ARRRGHHHGORRA BUH BHUH DO ARRRRGGGGHHHHNNNN!!!! 
the boy is mine-Brandy[SEP][B] - Excuse me can I please talk to you for a minute? [M] - Um hum sure. You look kind of familiar. [B] - Yeah you do too but umm I just wanted to know do you know somebody named you you know his name. [M] - Oh yeah definitely I know his name. [B] - I just wanted to let you know he's mine. [M] - Huh..no no he's mine.  [Chorus] - You need to give it up Had about enough It's not hard to see The boy is mine I'm sorry that you Seem to be confused He belongs to me The boy is mine  [B] - I think it's time we got this straight Let's sit and talk face to face There is no way you could mistake Him for your man - are you insane  [M] - You see I know that you may be Just a bit jealous of me But you're blind if you can't see That his love is all in me  [B] - You see I tried to hesitate I didn't wanna say what he told me He said without me he couldn't make It through the day ain't that a shame  [M] - Maybe you misunderstood Cause I can't see how he could Wanna change something that's so good Because my love is all it took  [Chorus]  [M] - Must you do the things you do Keep on acting like a fool You need to know it's me not you And if you didn't know it girl it's true  [B] - I think that you should realize And try to understand why He is a part of my life I know it's killing you inside  [M] - You can say what you wanna to say What we have you can't take From the truth you can't escape I can tell the real from the fake  [B] - When will you get the picture You're the past, I'm the future Get away it's my time to shine And if you didn't know the boy is mine  [Chorus]  [M] - You can't destroy this love I found You're silly games I won't allow The boy is mine without a doubt You might as well throw in the towel  [B] - What makes you think that he wants you When I'm the one that brought him to This special place in my heart Cause he was my love right from from the start  [Chorus]  [B] - The boy is mine [M] - Not yours [B] - But mine [M] - Not yours [B] - But mine [M] - Not yours [B] - But mine  I'm sorry that you Seem to be confused He belongs to me The boy is mine 
banana co.-Radiohead[SEP]Oh Banana co. We really love you and we need you And oh banana co. We'd really love to believe you  But everything's underground We gotta dig it up somehow Yeah yeah  Oh she said "No go" She said she'd like to She's seen you But no, banana co. She knows if you die then we all do  And everything's underground We've gotta dig it up somehow Yeah yeah Everything's burning down We gotta put it out somehow Yeah yeah 
my iron lung-Radiohead[SEP]Faith, you're driving me away You do it everyday You don't mean it But it hurts like hell  My brain says I'm receiving pain A lack of oxygen From my life support My iron lung  We're too young to fall asleep Too cynical to speak We are losing it Can't you tell?  We scratch our eternal itch A twentieth century bitch And we are grateful for Our iron lung  The headshrinkers, they want everything My uncle Bill, my Belisha beacon The headshrinkers, they want everything My uncle Bill, my Belisha beacon  Suck, suck your teenage thumb Toilet trained and dumb When the power runs out We'll just hum  This, this is our new song Just like the last one A total waste of time My iron lung The headshrinkers, they want everything My uncle Bill, my Belisha beacon The headshrinkers, they want everything My uncle Bill, my Belisha beacon  And if you're frightened You can be frightened You can be, it's OK And if you're frightened You can be frightened You can be, it's OK  The headshrinkers, they want everything My uncle Bill, my Belisha beacon 
sulk-Radiohead[SEP]You bite through the big wall, the big wall bites back You just sit there and sulk, sit there and bawl You are so pretty when you're on your knees Disinfected, eager to please  Sometimes you sulk, sometimes you burn God rest your soul When the loving comes and we've already gone Just like your dad, you'll never change  Each time it comes it eats me alive I try to behave but it eats me alive So I declare a holiday Fall asleep, drift away  Sometimes you sulk, sometimes you burn God rest your soul When the loving comes and we've already gone Just like your dad, you'll never change  Sometimes you sulk, sometimes you burn God rest your soul When the loving comes and we've already gone Just like your dad, you'll never change 
(nice dream)-Radiohead[SEP]They love me like I was a brother They protect me, listen to me They dug me my very own garden Gave me sunshine, made me happy  Nice dream, nice dream, nice dream  I call up my friend, the good angel But she's out with her answerphone She says that she'd love to come help but The sea would electrocute us all  Nice dream [7x]  If you think that you're strong enough If you think you belong enough If you think that you're strong enough If you think you belong enough  Nice dream [4x] 
all i need-Radiohead[SEP]I'm the next act Waiting in the wings  I'm an animal Trapped in your hot car  I am all of the days That you choose to ignore  You are all I need You are all I need I'm in the middle of your picture Lying in the reeds  I am a moth Who just wants to share your light  I'm just an insect Trying to get out of the night  I only stick with you Because there are no others  You are all I need You're all I need I'm in the middle of your picture Lying in the reeds  It's all wrong It's alright It's all wrong It's alright 
stop whispering-Radiohead[SEP]And the wise man say I don't want to hear your voice And the thin man say I don't want to hear your voice And they're cursing me, and they won't let me be And there's nothing to say, and there's nothing to do  Stop whispering, start shouting Stop whispering, start shouting  And the mother say we spit on your son some more And the buildings say we spit on your face some more And the feeling is that there's something wrong Because I can't find the words and I can't find the songs  Stop whispering, start shouting Stop whispering, start shouting  Dear Sir, I have a complaint Can't remember what it is  It doesn't matter anyway It doesn't matter anyway 
jigsaw falling into place-Radiohead[SEP]Just as you take my hand Just as you write my number down Just as the drinks arrive Just as they play your favourite song As your bad day disappears No longer wound up like a spring Before you've had too much Come back in focus again  The walls are bending shape You got a Cheshire cat grin All blurring into one This place is on a mission Before the night owl Before the animal noises Closed circuit cameras Before you comatose  Before you run away from me Before you're lost between the notes The beat goes round and round The beat goes round and round I never really got there I just pretended that I had Words are blunt instruments Words are sawn off shotguns  Come on and let it out Come on and let it out Come on and let it out Come on and let it out  Before you run away from me Before you're lost between the notes Just as you take the mic Just as you dance, dance, dance  A jigsaw falling into place So there is nothing to explain You eye each other as you pass She looks back and you look back Not just once And not just twice Wish away your nightmare Wish away the nightmare You got the light you can feel it on your back You got the light you can feel it on your back Your Jigsaw falling into place 
how do you?-Radiohead[SEP]He's bitter and twisted He knows what he wants He wants to be loved and he wants to belong He wants us to listen, he wants us to weep And he was a stupid baby who turned into a powerful freak  But how do you? How do you? How do you?  He lives with his mother But we show him respect He's a dangerous bigot, but we always forget And he's just like his daddy because he cheats on his friends And he steals and he bullies anyway that he can  But how do you? How do you? How do you? 
fog-Radiohead[SEP]There's a little child Running round this house And he never leaves He will never leave And the fog comes up from the sewers And glows in the dark  Baby alligators in the sewers grow up fast Grow up fast Anything you want it can be done How did you go bad? Did you go bad? Did you go bad? Some things will never wash away Did you go bad? Did you go bad? 
identikit-Radiohead[SEP][3x:] A moon-shaped pool, dancing clothes, You love and now I know, but hold me, hold me.  Sweet-faced ones with nothing left inside That we all can love That we all can love That we all...  Sweet-faced ones with nothing left inside That we all can love That we all can love That we all...  And now I see you messing me around I don't want to know I don't want to know I don't want to know  And now I see you messing me around I don't want to know I don't want to know I don't want to know  Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts  Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain Broken hearts make it rain  Pieces of a ragdoll mankind That you can't create That we can create That we can...  Pieces of a ragdoll mankind That you can't create That we can create That we can create  But when I see you messing me around And I don't want to know I don't want to know I don't want to know.  But when I see you messing me around And I don't want to know I don't want to know I don't want to know. 
these are my twisted words-Radiohead[SEP]These are my twisted words When I feel you still walking I know I should not look down But I'm so sick of just talking  When are you coming back I just can't handle it When are you coming back I just can't handle it  When are you coming back I just can't stand it I just can't handle it. 
karma police-Radiohead[SEP]Karma police, arrest this man He talks in maths, he buzzes like a fridge He's like a detuned radio Karma police, arrest this girl Her Hitler hairdo is making me feel ill And we have crashed her party  This is what you'll get This is what you'll get This is what you'll get When you mess with us  Karma police, I've given all I can It's not enough, I've given all I can But we're still on the payroll  This is what you'll get This is what you'll get This is what you'll get When you mess with us  For a minute there I lost myself, I lost myself Phew, for a minute there I lost myself, I lost myself For a minute there I lost myself, I lost myself Phew, for a minute there I lost myself, I lost myself 
give up the ghost-Radiohead[SEP]Don't hurt me Don't hurt me Don't hurt me  Gather up the lost and sold (Don't hurt me)  In your arms (Don't hurt me) In your arms (Don't hurt me)  Gather up the pitiful (Don't hurt me)  In your arms (Don't hurt me) In your arms (Don't hurt me)  What seems impossible (Don't hurt me)  In your arms (Don't hurt me) In your arms (Don't hurt me)  I think I have had my fill (Don't hurt me)  In your arms (Don't hurt me) In your arms (Don't hurt me) In your arms (Don't hurt me) In your arms (Don't hurt me)  I think I should give up the ghost (Don't hurt me)  In your arms (Don't hurt me) In your arms (Don't hurt me) In your arms (Don't hurt me) In your arms (Don't hurt me) 
the national anthem-Radiohead[SEP]Everyone Everyone around here Everyone is so near What's going on? What's going on?  Everyone Everyone is so near Everyone has got the fear It's holding on It's holding on  It's holding on [x3] 
planet telex-Radiohead[SEP]You can force it but it will not come You can taste it but it will not form You can crush it but it's always here You can crush it but it's always near Chasing you home saying Everything is broken Everyone is broken  You can force it but it will stay stung You can crush it as dry as a bone You can walk it home straight from school You can kiss it, you can break all the rules But still... Everything is broken Everyone is broken  Everyone is, everyone is broken Everyone is, everything is broken  Why can't you forget? Why can't you forget? Why can't you forget? 
decks dark-Radiohead[SEP]Then into our life, there comes the darkness There's a spacecraft blocking out the sky And there's nowhere to hide You run to the back and you cover your ears But it's the loudest sound you've ever heard  And all we trapped rag doll cloth people We are helpless to resist Into our darkest hour  But it was just a laugh, just a laugh, just a laugh, just a laugh Even at this angle And so we crumble A ten-ton head made of wet sand Oh, this dread circumference You've gotta be kidding me The grass grows over me Your face in the glass, in the glass It was just a laugh, just a laugh It's whatever you say it is In split infinities  Then into your life, there comes the darkness There's a spacecraft blocking out the sky And there's nowhere to hide You run to the back and you cover your ears It's the loudest sound you've ever heard Into our darkest hour  Have you had enough of me? Have you had enough of me Sweet darling Have you had enough of me? Have you had enough of me? Sweet darling Sweet time Sweet dark Sweet dark 
sail to the moon-Radiohead[SEP]I sail to the moon I spoke too soon And how much did it cost I was dropped from The moonbeam And sailed on shooting stars  Maybe you'll Be president But know right from wrong Or in the flood You'll build an Ark  And sail us to the moon Sail us to the moon Sail us to the moon Sail us to the moon 
desert island disk-Radiohead[SEP]Now as I go upon my way So let me go upon my way Born of a light Born of a light  The wind rushing round my open heart An open ravine With my spirit white Totally alive And my spirit light  Through an open doorway Across a street To another life And catching my reflection in a window Switching on a light One I didn't know Totally alive Totally released  Waking, waking up from shutdown From a thousand years of sleep Yeah you, you know what I mean You know what I mean You know what I mean  Standing on the edge of you You know what I mean You know what I mean You know what I mean Different types of love Different types of love Different types of love Are possible Are possible Are possible Are possible 
airbag-Radiohead[SEP]In the next world war In a jackknifed juggernaut I am born again  In the neon sign Scrolling up and down I am born again  In an interstellar burst I am back to save the universe  In a deep deep sleep of the innocent I am born again  In a fast german car I'm amazed that I survived An airbag saved my life  In an interstellar burst I am back to save the universe  In an interstellar burst I am back to save the universe 
all of me-John Legend[SEP][Verse 1:] What would I do without your smart mouth? Drawing me in, and you kicking me out You've got my head spinning, no kidding, I can't pin you down What's going on in that beautiful mind I'm on your magical mystery ride And I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me, but I'll be alright  [Pre-Chorus:] My head's under water But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm out of my mind  [Chorus:] 'Cause all of me Loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh oh  [Verse 2:] How many times do I have to tell you Even when you're crying you're beautiful too The world is beating you down, I'm around through every mood You're my downfall, you're my muse My worst distraction, my rhythm and blues I can't stop singing, it's ringing, in my head for you  [Pre-Chorus:] My head's under water But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm out of my mind  [Chorus:] 'Cause all of me Loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh oh  [Bridge:] Give me all of you Cards on the table, we're both showing hearts Risking it all, though it's hard  [Chorus:] 'Cause all of me Loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you  I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh oh 
tonight's the night (gonna be alright)-Rod Stewart[SEP]Stay away from my window Stay away from my back door too Disconnect the telephone line Relax baby and draw that blind  Kick off your shoes and sit right down Loosen off that pretty French gown Let me pour you a good long drink Ooh baby don't you hesitate cause  Tonights the night It's gonna be alright Cause I love you girl Ain't nobody gonna stop us now  C'mon angel my hearts on fire Don't deny your man's desire You'd be a fool to stop this tide Spread your wings and let me come inside  Tonights the night It's gonna be alright Cause I love you girl Ain't nobody gonna stop us now  Don't say a word my virgin child Just let your inhibitions run wild The secret is about to unfold Upstairs before the night's too old  Tonights the night It's gonna be alright Cause I love you woman Ain't nobody gonna stop us now 
da ya think i'm sexy?-Rod Stewart[SEP]Sugar, sugar  She sits alone waiting for suggestions He's so nervous avoiding all the questions His lips are dry, her heart is gently pounding Don't you just know exactly what they're thinking  If you want my body and you think I'm sexy Come on sugar let me know If you really need me just reach out and touch me Come on honey tell me so Tell me so baby  He's acting shy looking for an answer Come on honey let's spend the night together Now hold on a minute before we go much further Give me a dime so I can phone my mother They catch a cab to his high rise apartment At last he can tell her exactly what his heart meant  If you want my body and you think I'm sexy Come on honey tell me so If you really need me just reach out and touch me Come on sugar let me know  His heart's beating like a drum 'Cos at last he's got this girl home Relax baby now we're all alone  They wake at dawn 'cos all the birds are singing Two total strangers but that ain't what they're thinking Outside it's cold, misty and it's raining They got each other neither one's complaining He say's I'm sorry but I'm out of milk and coffee Never mind sugar we can watch the early movie  If you want my body and you think I'm sexy Come on sugar let me know If you really need me just reach out and touch me Come on honey tell me so  If you really need me just reach out and touch me Come on sugar let me know If you really, really, really, really need me Just let me know Just reach out and touch me If you really want me Just reach out and touch me Come on sugar let me know If you really need me just reach out and touch me Come on sugar let me know If you, if you, if you really need me Just come on and tell me so 
perfect-Ed Sheeran[SEP]I found a love for me Darling, just dive right in and follow my lead Well, I found a girl, beautiful and sweet Oh, I never knew you were the someone waiting for me  'Cause we were just kids when we fell in love Not knowing what it was I will not give you up this time But darling, just kiss me slow Your heart is all I own And in your eyes you're holding mine  Baby, I'm dancing in the dark With you between my arms Barefoot on the grass Listening to our favourite song When you said you looked a mess I whispered underneath my breath But you heard it, Darling, you look perfect tonight  Well, I found a woman, stronger than anyone I know She shares my dreams, I hope that someday I'll share her home I found a love to carry more than just my secrets To carry love, to carry children of our own  We are still kids but we're so in love Fighting against all odds I know we'll be alright this time Darling, just hold my hand Be my girl, I'll be your man I see my future in your eyes  Baby, I'm dancing in the dark With you between my arms Barefoot on the grass Listening to our favourite song When I saw you in that dress Looking so beautiful I don't deserve this Darling, you look perfect tonight  No, no, no  Baby, I'm dancing in the dark With you between my arms Barefoot on the grass Listening to our favourite song I have faith in what I see Now I know I have met an angel in person And she looks perfect I don't deserve this You look perfect tonight 
shape of you-Ed Sheeran[SEP]The club isn't the best place to find a lover So the bar is where I go (mmmm) Me and my friends at the table doing shots Drinking fast and then we talk slow (mmmm) And you come over and start up a conversation with just me And trust me I'll give it a chance now (mmmm) Take my hand, stop, put Van The Man on the jukebox And then we start to dance And now I'm singing like  Girl, you know I want your love Your love was handmade for somebody like me Come on now, follow my lead I may be crazy, don't mind me Say, boy, let's not talk too much Grab on my waist and put that body on me Come on now, follow my lead Come, come on now, follow my lead (mmmm)  I'm in love with the shape of you We push and pull like a magnet do Although my heart is falling too I'm in love with your body Last night you were in my room And now my bedsheets smell like you Every day discovering something brand new I'm in love with your body  Oh I oh I oh I oh I I'm in love with your body Oh I oh I oh I oh I I'm in love with your body Oh I oh I oh I oh I I'm in love with your body Every day discovering something brand new I'm in love with the shape of you  One week in we let the story begin We're going out on our first date (mmmm) You and me are thrifty, so go all you can eat Fill up your bag and I fill up a plate (mmmm) We talk for hours and hours about the sweet and the sour And how your family is doing okay (mmmm) And leave and get in a taxi, then kiss in the backseat Tell the driver make the radio play And I'm singing like  Girl, you know I want your love Your love was handmade for somebody like me Come on now, follow my lead I may be crazy, don't mind me Say, boy, let's not talk too much Grab on my waist and put that body on me Come on now, follow my lead Come, come on now, follow my lead (mmmm)  I'm in love with the shape of you We push and pull like a magnet do Although my heart is falling too I'm in love with your body Last night you were in my room And now my bedsheets smell like you Every day discovering something brand new I'm in love with your body  Oh I oh I oh I oh I I'm in love with your body Oh I oh I oh I oh I I'm in love with your body Oh I oh I oh I oh I I'm in love with your body Every day discovering something brand new I'm in love with the shape of you  Come on, be my baby, come on Come on, be my baby, come on Come on, be my baby, come on Come on, be my baby, come on Come on, be my baby, come on Come on, be my baby, come on Come on, be my baby, come on Come on, be my baby, come on  I'm in love with the shape of you We push and pull like a magnet do Although my heart is falling too I'm in love with your body Last night you were in my room And now my bedsheets smell like you Every day discovering something brand new I'm in love with your body  Come on, be my baby, come on Come on, be my baby, come on I'm in love with your body Come on, be my baby, come on Come on, be my baby, come on I'm in love with your body Come on, be my baby, come on Come on, be my baby, come on I'm in love with your body Every day discovering something brand new I'm in love with the shape of you 
thinking out loud-Ed Sheeran[SEP]When your legs don't work like they used to before And I can't sweep you off of your feet Will your mouth still remember the taste of my love? Will your eyes still smile from your cheeks?  And, darling, I will be loving you 'til we're 70 And, baby, my heart could still fall as hard at 23 And I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways Maybe just the touch of a hand Well, me—I fall in love with you every single day And I just wanna tell you I am  So, honey, now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud Maybe we found love right where we are  When my hair's all but gone and my memory fades And the crowds don't remember my name When my hands don't play the strings the same way (mmm...) I know you will still love me the same  'Cause, honey, your soul could never grow old, it's evergreen And, baby, your smile's forever in my mind and memory I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways Maybe it's all part of a plan Well, I'll just keep on making the same mistakes Hoping that you'll understand  That, baby, now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Place your head on my beating heart Thinking out loud Maybe we found love right where we are (oh, oh)  La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, lo-ud  So, baby, now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Oh, darling, place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud But maybe we found love right where we are Oh, baby, we found love right where we are And we found love right where we are 
all for you-Janet Jackson[SEP]All my girls at the party Look at that body Shakin' that thing Like you never did see Got a nice package alright Guess I'm gonna have to ride it tonight  All my girls at the party Look at that body Shaking that thing Like you never did see Got a nice package all right  Edit 4, 3, 2, 1  It's all for you If you really want it It's all for you if you say you need it It's all for you if you gotta have it It's all for you if you make a move It's all for you  I see you staring out the corner of my eye You seem uneasy Want to approach me Throw me a line But then something inside you grabs you says who am I I know exactly 'cause it happens with all the guys  So you so what you gonna do Come on and talk to me Promise you won't even have an attitude I'll let you sit right next to me Don't join the list with these other fools That ain't the way to be Yes, it's cool Yes, I'm in the mood Intimidation's got that mind  It's all for you if you really want it It's all for you if you say you need it It's all for you if you gotta have it It's all for you if you make a move It's all for you  Tell me I'm the only one (it's all for you) Soon we'll be having fun (it's all for you) Come over here and get some It's all for you if you make a move It's all for you  Can't be afraid or keep me waiting for too long Before you know it I'll be outta here I'll be gone Don't try to be all clever, cute, or even sly Don't have to work that hard Just be yourself and let that be your guide  So you so what you gonna do So come on and talk to me by Promise you won't even have an attitude I'll let you sit right next to me Don't join the list with these other fools That ain't the way to be boy Yes, it's cool Yes, I'm in the mood Intimidation's got that mind  It's all for you if you really want it It's all for you if you say you need it It's all for you if you gotta have it It's all for you if you make a move It's all for you  Tell me I'm the only one (it's all for you) Soon we'll be having fun (it's all for you) Come over here and get some It's all for you if you make a move It's all for you  All my girls at the party Look at that body Shaking that thing like you never did see Got a nice package alright Guess I'm gonna have to ride it tonight  All my girls at the party Look at that body Shaking that thing like you never did see Got a nice package alright Guess I'm gonna have to ride it tonight  It's all for you if you really want it It's all for you if you say you need it It's all for you if you gotta have it It's all for you if you make a move It's all for you  All my girls at the party Look at that body Shaking that thing like you never did see Got a nice package alright Guess I'm gonna have to ride it tonight  All my girls at the party Look at that body Shaking that thing like you never did see Got a nice package alright Guess I'm gonna have to ride it tonight  Tell me I'm the only one Soon we'll be having fun Come over here and get some Soon we'll be having fun  Soon we'll be having fun Soon we'll be having fun Soon we'll be having fun Soon we'll be having fun  Soon we'll be having fun Soon we'll be having fun Soon we'll be having fun Come over here and get some  Soon we'll be having fun Soon we'll be having fun Soon we'll be having fun Soon we'll be having fun  Guess I'm gonna have to ride Guess I'm gonna have to ride it tonight Guess I'm gonna have to ride  Guess I'm gonna have to ride Guess I'm gonna have to ride it tonight Guess I'm gonna have to ride 
miss you much-Janet Jackson[SEP]Shot like an arrow going through my heart That's the pain I feel I feel whenever we're apart Not to say that I'm in love with you But who's to say that I'm not I just know that it feels wrong, When I'm away too long It makes my body hot So let me tell ya baby  I'll tell your mama I'll tell your friends I'll tell anyone whose heart can comprehend Send it in a letter baby Tell you on the phone I'm not the kinda girl Who likes to be alone I miss ya much (boy-oh-I miss you much) I really miss you much (M-I-S-S you much) I miss ya much (boy-oh-I miss you much) Baby I really miss you much (M-I-S-S you much)  I'm rushing home Just as soon as I can I'm rushing home to see Your smiling face And feel your warm embrace It makes f-feel so g-g-g good So I'll tell you baby  I'll tell your mama I'll tell your friends I'll tell anyone whose heart can comprehend Send it in a letter baby Tell you on the phone I'm not the kinda girl Who likes to be alone I miss ya much (boy-oh-I miss you much) I really miss you much (M-I-S-S you much) I miss ya much (boy-oh-I miss you much) Baby I really miss you much (M-I-S-S you much)  I miss you much I really really miss you much I miss you much I'm not ashamed to tell the world I miss you  I'll tell your mama I'll tell your friends I'll tell anyone whose heart can comprehend Send it in a letter baby Tell you on the phone I'm not the kinda girl Who likes to be alone I miss ya much (boy-oh-I miss you much) I really miss you much (M-I-S-S you much) I miss ya much (boy-oh-I miss you much) Baby I really miss you much (M-I-S-S you much) 
that's the way love goes-Janet Jackson[SEP]Like a moth to a flame Burned by the fire My love is blind Can't you see my desire? That's the way love goes Like a moth to a flame Burned by the fire My love is blind Can't you see my desire?  Like a moth to a flame Burned by the fire My love is blind Can't you see my desire That's the way love goes Like a moth to a flame Burned by the fire That's the way love goes My love is blind Can't you see my desire?  Come with me Don't you worry I'm gonna make you crazy I'll give you the time of your life  I'm gonna take you places You've never been before and You'll be so happy that you came  Oooooh, I'm gonna take you there Oo-ooh hoo-ooh oo-ooh That's the way love goes Hoo That's the way love goes That's the way love goes That's the way love goes  Don't mind if I light candles I like to watch us play and Baby, I've got on what you like  Come closer Baby closer Reach out and feel my body I'm gonna give you all my love Ooh sugar don't you hurry You've got me here all night Just close your eyes and hold on tight  Ooh baby Don't stop, don't stop Go deeper Baby deeper You feel so good I'm gonna cry  Oooooh I'm gonna take you there Oo-ooh hoo-ooh oo-ooh That's the way love goes Hoo That's the way love goes That's the way love goes it goes it goes Oooh that's the way love goes Reach out and feel my body That's the way love goes Dontcha know That's the way Like a moth to a flame Burned by the fire My love is blind Can't you see my desire Like a moth to a flame Burned by the fire My love is blind Can't you see my desire? That's the way love goes.... 
straight up-Paula Abdul[SEP]Lost in a dream I don't know which way to go. (A-let me say it.) If you are all that you seem Then, baby, I'm movin' way too slow.  I've been a fool before. Wouldn't like to get my love caught in the slammin' door. How about some information, please ?  Straight up! Now tell me, do you really wanna love me forever (Oh, oh, oh.) Or am I caught in a hit-and-run? Straight up! Now tell me, is it gonna be you and me together (Oh, oh, oh.) Or are you just having fun?  Time's standing still. Waiting for some small clue. (A-let me tell ya now.) I keep getting chills When I think your love is true.  I've been a fool before. Wouldn't like to get my love caught in the slammin' door. How about some information, please?  Straight up! Now tell me, do you really want to love me forever (Oh, oh, oh.) Or am I caught in a hit-and-run? Straight up! Now tell me, is it gonna be you and me together (Oh, oh, oh.) Or are you just having fun?  You are so hard to read. You play hide-and-seek With your true intentions. If you're only playing games, I'll just have to say A-bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye.  A-do-do you love me, do-do you love me, baby? A-do-do you love me, do-do you love me? A-hey, baby. A-do-do you love me, do-do you love me, baby? Come on now. A-do-do you love me, do-do you love me? A-tell me, baby.  I've been a fool before. Wouldn't like to get my love caught in the slammin' door. Are you more than hot for me Or am I a page in your history book?  I don't mean to make demands, But the word and the deed go hand in hand. How about some information, please?  Straight up. Now tell me (tell me)... Straight up. Now tell me (tell me)... Straight up. Now tell me (tell me)... Straight up. Now tell me... Straight up. Now tell me...  Straight up! Now tell me, do you really want to love me forever (Oh, oh, oh.) Or am I caught in a hit-and-run? Straight up! Now tell me, is it gonna be you and me together (Oh, oh, oh.) Or are you just having fun?  Straight up! Now tell me, do you really want to love me forever (Oh, oh, oh.) Or am I caught in a hit-and-run? Straight up! Now tell me, is it gonna be you and me together (Oh, oh, oh.) Or are you just having fun?  Straight up! Now tell me, do you really want to love me forever (Oh, oh, oh.) 
rush rush-Paula Abdul[SEP]YOU'RE THE WHISPER OF A SUMMER BREEZE YOU'RE THE KISS THAT PUTS MY SOUL AT EASE WHAT I'M SAYING IS I'M IN TO YOU HERE'S MY STORY, AND THE STORY GOES  YOU GIVE LOVE, YOU GET LOVE AND MORE THAN HEAVEN KNOWS YOU'RE GONNA SEE I'M GONNA RUN, I'M GONNA TRY I'M GONNA TAKE THIS LOVE RIGHT TO YA ALL MY HEART, ALL THE JOY OH BABY, BABY PLEASE  [Chorus:] RUSH, RUSH HURRY, HURRY LOVER, COME TO ME RUSH, RUSH I WANNA SEE, I WANNA SEE YA GET FREE WITH ME RUSH, RUSH I CAN FEEL IT, I CAN FEEL YOU ALL THROUGH ME RUSH, RUSH OOH WHAT YOU DO TO ME  AND ALL I WANT FROM YOU IS WHAT YOU ARE AND EVEN IF YOU'RE RIGHT NEXT TO ME YOU'RE STILL TOO FAR AWAY IF I'M NOT INSIDE YOUR ARMS I GET DRAMATIC BABY, YES I KNOW BUT I NEED YOU, I WANT YOU OOH MAN, I LOVE YOU SO  OOH, OOH  YOU'RE GONNA SEE I'M GONNA RUN, I'M GONNA TRY I'M GONNA TAKE THIS LOVE RIGHT TO YA ALL MY HEART, ALL THE JOY OOH BABY, BABY PLEASE  [Chorus x 2]  WHEN YOU KISS ME UP AND DOWN TURN MY SENSES ALL AROUND OH BABY, OH BABY  I DON'T KNOW JUST HOW OR WHY BUT NO ONE ELSE HAS TOUCHED ME SO DEEP, SO DEEP, SO DEEP INSIDE  YOU'RE GONNA SEE I'M GONNA RUN I'M GONNA TRY I'M GONNA TAKE THIS LOVE RIGHT TO YA  ALL MY HEART, ALL THE JOY OH BABY, BABY PLEASE  [Chorus] 
i hope you're happy now-Elvis Costello[SEP]He's a fine figure of a man and handsome too With his eyes upon the secret places he'd like to undo Still he knows who knows who and where and how And I hope you're happy now He's got all the things you need and some that you will never But you make him sound like frozen food, his love will last forever Still he know what you want and what you don't allow And I hope you're happy now  I hope that you're happy now like you're supposed to be And I know that this will hurt you more than it hurts me  He's acting innocent and proud still you know what he's after Like a matador with his pork sword, while we all die of laughter In his turquoise pajamas and motorcycle hat I hope you're happy now because you'll soon put pay to that I knew then what I know now I never loved you anyhow And I hope you're happy now 
withered and died-Elvis Costello[SEP]This cruel country has driven me down Teased me and lied, teased me and lied I've only sad stories to tell to this town My dreams have withered and died  Once I was bending the tops of the trees Kind thoughts in my head, kind voices to hear  Then I took up with a girl from the West They'd run and hide, they'd run and hide Count one to ten and she's gone like the rest My dreams have withered and died  If I was a butterfly, lived for a day I could be free just blowing away  Silver moon sail up and silver moon shine On the waters so wide, waters so wide Slip from the bed of a good friend of mine My dreams have withered and died  Once I was bending the tops of the trees Kind thoughts in my head, kind voices to hear  This cruel country has driven me down Teased me and lied, teased me and lied I've only sad stories to tell to this town My dreams have withered and died My dreams have withered and died My dreams have withered and died 
tko (boxing day)-Elvis Costello[SEP]You can run all you like from the classroom or the cot From a great big man or a tiny tot But from this day everyday will be BOXING DAY Don't need your indecision let there be no doubt Don't need you permission I can count you out TKO  They put the numb into number they put the cut into cutie They put the slum into slumber and the boot into beauty But from this day everyday will be BOXING DAY It's a fight to the finish let there be no doubt As the seconds turn into minutes I can count you out  TKO  You need a back to break or a back to stab NOW YOUR BIRTHDAY SUIT LOOKS DULL AND DRAB But from this day everyday will be BOXING DAY NOW YOU DON'T LOOK SO GLAMOROUS WHENEVER I FEEL SO AMOROUS I CAN COUNT YOU OUT  TKO 
shoes without heels-Elvis Costello[SEP]This love of mine is packed with stepping stone These shoes are made for walking in reverse In the dead of night, you tiptoe out and leave me all alone Putting on your satin slip-ons and your sultry French cologne. She's wearing shoes without heels. She's walking over the floor. She's walking all over me Weirder therein, you know how it feels When she walks right out of the door.  Well, I thought that I was bigger than this town I thought I'd spend a pace and go the distance But she picked me out, she used me up, and then she put me down Now I'm driven til I'm crying, or I'm dreaming till I drown.  She's wearing shoes without heels. She's walking over the floor. She's walking all over me Weirder therein, you know how it feels When she walks right out of the door.  While you're busy packing underwear and other worthless trinkets, Spare a thought for worthless men who drag on women like they're cigarettes, 'cause you watch him walk away from you While he gets down and deals Oh, he'll watch you walk away without heels  Oh, you think that he's a fool to tolerate All the liberty you cherish and you roughly take But to watch your love turn slowly from indifference to hate Would hurt him more than any heart that you might care to break.  She's wearing shoes without heels. She's walking over the floor. She's walking all over you But when she's finished, I know (?) When she walks right back through the door. 
big boys-Elvis Costello[SEP]I am starting to function In the usual way Everything is so provocative Very very, temporary I shall walk (I shall walk) Out of this place (out of this place) I shall walk Out on you 'Cause you go silly If she's willing Trying so hard to be like the big boys  So you take her to the pictures Trying to become a fixture Inch by inch trying to reach her All the way through the second feature Worrying about your physical fitness Tell me how you got this sickness, Oh ohhhh..  I was caught in the suction By a face like a truncheon I was down upon one knee Stroking her vanity  I was stuck on a hammerhead I came alive and left for dead As my face returned to red Choking on my pride and pity  We can talk (we can talk) Until your face is blue (till your face is blue) We can talk but she'll get to you After you've been loved and hated By the ones you've watched and waited Found that they were overrated  She'll be the one - when the party's over She'll be the one - when the girls have gone home She'll be the one - that you'll wish you'd held onto She'll be the one - but it's too late for you to She'll be the one - who knows all your history She'll be the one -  So you can cross her off your list And you try so hard And you try so hard And you try so hard To be like the big boys, oh. 
why don't you love me (like you used to do)?-Elvis Costello[SEP]Why don't you love me like you used to do? How come you treat me like a worn out shoe? My hair is still curly and my eyes are still blue Why don't you love me like you used to do? Ain't had no lovin' like a-huggin' and a-kissin' in a long, long while We don't get nearer, further, closer than a country mile  Why don't you be the sort you used to be? How come you find so many faults with me? I'm the same old trouble that you've always been through Why don't you love me like you used to do?  Ain't had no lovin' like a-huggin' and a-kissin' in a long, long while We don't get nearer, further, closer than a country mile  Why don't you spark me like you used to do? Say sweet nothings like you used to coo Somebody's changed, so let me give you a clue Why don't you love me like you used to do? 
busy bodies-Elvis Costello[SEP]So you think that you have seen her When you're lying in between her And you tell me that you don't care Busy bodies getting nowhere Ev'rybody's getting meaner Busy bodies Caught in the concertina  You check her outline Break her regulations You watch her legs through several Service stations  Busy bodies Very busy Getting nowhere Nowhere, nowhere, nowhere  Now you're ready for the merger With the company you're part of And you do the dirty business With your latest sleeping partner  You're becoming Automatic Busy bodies Out playing with the traffic  You want attention You try my patience With the best intentions you are nothing but a nuisance  Busy bodies Busy busy Getting nowhere Nowhere, nowhere, nowhere  Now you've given your performance Though the matinee was idle And you find that a wave of her right hand Could seem so tidal  Just a second Satisfaction Busy bodies Temporarily out of action  You wash and brush up You want to dress up You want to kiss her But she's busy with her makeup  Busy bodies Very busy Getting nowhere Nowhere [x6] 
dr. luther's assistant-Elvis Costello[SEP]Everything seems so tranquil Home movies with no subtitles Don't you wish you knew what they were sayin' When the film keeps playin', playin' ? Oh, he's Doctor Luther's assistant He'll close in when he seems so distant Doctor Luther's assistant He'll get on top of you when you lower your resistance  Some say he is just a lackey Changing words while the ink is still tacky He's absolutely indispensable He keeps the other boys in suspense  Oh, he's Doctor Luther's assistant He'll close in when he seems so distant Doctor Luther's assistant He'll get on top of you when you lower your resistance  Luther is locked in a broken-down cinema Watches his wife with his video camera Sees his best boy makin' her grin Out of the kitchen, she's gone with the wind  Oh, Doctor Luther's assistant He'll close in, when he seems so distant Doctor Luther's assistant He'll get on top of you when you lower your resistance 
psycho-Elvis Costello[SEP]Can Mary fry some fish, mama I'm as hungry as can be Oh lord, how I wish, mama You could stop the baby cryin' 'Cause my head is killing me I saw my ex again last night mama She was at the dance at Miller's store She was with that Jackie White mama I killed them both And they're buried under Jacob's sycamore  You think I'm psycho don't you mama I didn't mean to break your cup You think I'm psycho don't you mama You better let 'em lock me up  Oh, don't hand me Johnny's pup mama As I might squeeze him too tight I'm havin' crazy dreams again mama So let me tell you 'bout last night I woke up in Johnny's room mama Standing right there by his bed With my hands around his throat mama Wishing both of us were dead  You think I'm psycho don't you mama I just killed Johnny's pup You think I'm psycho don't you mama You'd better let 'em lock me up  Oh you recall that little girl mama I believe her name was Betty Clark Oh don't tell me that she's dead mama 'Cause I just saw her in the park We were sitting on a bench mama Thinking of a game to play Seems I was holding a wrench mama Then my mind just walked away  You think I'm psycho don't you mama I didn't mean to break your cup You think I'm psycho don't you mama Mama why don't you get up? 
5ive gears in reverse-Elvis Costello[SEP]Five gears in reverse For girls looking for the big lift Somebody send out for the night nurse Please don't stick me on the late shift If you don't know by now Nobody's gonna tell you If you don't know by now The shock will probably kill you  [Chorus:] But if your patience is exhausted and you still cannot decide You're sitting in the garage contemplating suicide And you have no motivation you can't even catch your breath All of this acceleration is driving you to death  Five gears in reverse You think I don't know what I'm doing Another fashionable first Like walking down the road to ruin But if you're safe and sound Don't let me interrupt you And if you're gagged and bound Well how can I corrupt you  [Chorus] 
suit of lights-Elvis Costello[SEP]While Nat King Cole sings "Welcome To My World" You request some song you hate you sentimental fool And it's the force of habit If it moves then you fuck it If it doesn't move you stab it And I thought I heard "The Working Man's Blues" He went out to work that night and wasted his breath Outside there was a public execution Inside he died a thousand deaths  And they pulled him out of the cold cold ground And they pulled him out of the cold cold ground And they pulled him out of the cold cold ground And they put him in a suit of lights  In the perforated first editions Where they advocate the hangman's noose Then tell the sorry tale of the spent Princess Her uncouth escort looking down her dress  Anyway they say that she wears the trousers And learnt everything that she does And doesn't know if she should tell him yes Or let him go  And they pulled him out of the cold cold ground And they pulled him out of the cold cold ground And they pulled him out of the cold cold ground And they put him in a suit of lights  Well it's a dog's life in a rope leash or a diamond collar It's enough to make you think right now But you don't bother For goodness sake as you cry and shake Let's keep you face down in the dirt where you belong And think of all the pleasure that it brings Though you know that it's wrong  And there's still life in your body But most of it's leaving Can't you give us all a break Can't you stop breathing  And I thought I heard "The Working Man's Blues" I went to work that night and wasted my breath Outside they're painting tar on somebody It's the closest to a work of art that they will ever be  And they pulled him out of the cold cold ground And they pulled him out of the cold cold ground And they pulled him out of the cold cold ground And they put him in a suit of lights And they put him in a suit of lights 
lovable-Elvis Costello[SEP][Chorus:] It's going round the town It's going round the town It's going round the town You're so lovable My baby gave me notice to quit I just can't get used to it She broke my little heart in two Now somebody else is being the same old you  [Chorus]  My baby has Egyptian eyes And a wicked look beyond compare If you thought I was a fool for you Then I must be a bigger fool for her  [Chorus]  He'd turn the flowers of springtime into a wreath He says he'd love you eternally I say please please can't you keep it brief  They say they're going to bury you Because you're so lovable Put your money where your mouth was You're so lovable Each tender mumble brings us closer to bedlam You're so lovable The toast of the town and the talk of the bedroom You're so lovable  You're so sweet You're so honest You say `I'll be true to you boy' But I won't promise Then you say you love me Then you show me As you lie there so lifelike below me  [Chorus] 
just a memory-Elvis Costello[SEP]Layin' about, lyin' in bed Maybe it was something that I thought I'd said With the tempo of today and the temptation of tomorrow I don't know if I could give you anything but sorrow They stay alive this late on Radio Five But the pen that I write with won't tell the truth 'Cause the moments that I can't recall Are the moments that you treasure Better take another measure for measure Losing you is just a memory Memories don't mean that much to me Losing you is just a memory Memories don't mean that much to me  Now you're here, I'm here too Could be this easy for me and you  Losing you is just a memory Memories don't mean that much to me Losing you is just a memory Memories don't mean that much to me  Lyin' about layin' in bed Maybe it was something that I thought I'd said 
pump it up-Elvis Costello[SEP]I've been on tenterhooks ending in dirty looks, list'ning to the Muzak, thinking 'bout this 'n' that. She said that's that. I don't wanna chitter-chat. Turn it down a little bit or turn it down flat. Pump it up when you don't really need it. Pump it up until you can feel it.  Down in the pleasure centre, hell bent or heaven sent, listen to the propaganda, listen to the latest slander. There's nothing underhand that she wouldn't understand.  Pump it up until you can feel it. Pump it up when you don't really need it.  She's been a bad girl. She's like a chemical. Though you try to stop it, she's like a narcotic. You wanna torture her. You wanna talk to her. All the things you bought for her, putting up your temp'rature.  Pump it up until you can feel it. Pump it up when you don't really need it.  Out in the fashion show, down in the bargain bin, you put your passion out under the pressure pin. Fall into submission, hit-and-run transmission. No use wishing now for any other sin.  Pump it up until you can feel it. Pump it up when you don't really need it. 
hoover factory-Elvis Costello[SEP]Five miles out of London on the Western Avenue Must have been a wonder when it was brand new Talkin' 'bout the splendour of the Hoover factory I know that you'd agree if you had seen it too It's not a matter of life or death But what is, what is ? It doesn't matter if I take another breath Who cares ? Who cares ? Green for go, green for action From Park Royal to North Acton Past scrolls and inscriptions like those of the Egyptian age And one of these days the Hoover factory Is gonna be all the rage in those fashionable pages  Five miles out of London on the Western Avenue Must have been a wonder when it was brand new Talkin' 'bout the splendour of the Hoover factory I know that you'd agree if you had seen it too It's not a matter of life or death But what is, what is ? It doesn't matter if I take another breath Who cares ? Who cares ? 
(what's so funny 'bout) peace, love and understanding-Elvis Costello[SEP]As I walk through This wicked world Searchin' for light in the darkness of insanity. I ask myself Is all hope lost? Is there only pain and hatred, and misery?  And each time I feel like this inside, There's one thing I wanna know: What's so funny 'bout peace love & understanding? Ohhhh What's so funny 'bout peace love & understanding?  And as I walked on Through troubled times My spirit gets so downhearted sometimes So where are the strong And who are the trusted? And where is the harmony? Sweet harmony.  'Cause each time I feel it slippin' away, just makes me wanna cry. What's so funny 'bout peace love & understanding? Ohhhh What's so funny 'bout peace love & understanding?  So where are the strong? And who are the trusted? And where is the harmony? Sweet harmony.  'Cause each time I feel it slippin' away, just makes me wanna cry. What's so funny 'bout peace love & understanding? Ohhhh What's so funny 'bout peace love & understanding? Ohhhh What's so funny 'bout peace love & understanding? 
accidents will happen-Elvis Costello[SEP]Oh I just don't know where to begin Though he says he'll wait forever It's now or never But she keeps him hanging on The silly champion She says she can't go home Without a chaperone  [Chorus:] Accidents will happen We only hit and run He used to be your victim Now you're not the only one  Accidents will happen We only hit and run I don't want to hear it 'Cause I know what I've done  There's so many fish in the sea That only rise up in the sweat and smoke like mercury But they keep you hanging on They say you're so young Your mind is made up but your mouth is undone  [Chorus]  And it's the damage that we do And never know It's the words that we don't say That scare me so  There's so many people to see So many people you can check up on And add to your collection But they keep you hanging on Until you're well hung Your mouth is made up but your mind is undone  [Chorus]  I know, I know, [Repeat] 
fish 'n' chip paper-Elvis Costello[SEP]When Sunday morning dandruff turns out to be confetti And the cost of living in sin would make a poor man out of Paul Getty The girl in your dreams would have you up on an under age charge And the man of the moment is the lifer at large  [Chorus:] If you've got something to hide, if you've got something to sell If you've got somebody's pride she might kiss and tell Or wind up with a fight fan in the Hammersmith Hotel You better speak up now if you want your piece You better speak up now It won't mean a thing later Yesterday's news is tomorrow's fish and chip paper  Your girl says she's leaving and this time she really means it You can just look at the pictures, you don't actually have to read it Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh There's a man in the launderette and he's looking through your underwear for clues And the milkman is working through the News of the Screws  He says... [Chorus] 
radio radio-Elvis Costello[SEP]I was tuning in the shine on the light night dial doing anything my radio advised with every one of those late night stations playing songs bringing tears to me eyes I was seriously thinking about hiding the receiver when the switch broke 'cause it's old They're saying things that I can hardly believe. They really think we're getting out of control.  [Chorus:] Radio is a sound salvation Radio is cleaning up the nation They say you better listen to the voice of reason But they don't give you any choice 'cause they think that it's treason. So you had better do as you are told. You better listen to the radio.  I wanna bite the hand that feeds me. I wanna bite that hand so badly. I want to make them wish they'd never seen me.  Some of my friends sit around every evening and they worry about the times ahead But everybody else is overwhelmed by indifference and the promise of an early bed You either shut up or get cut up; they don't wanna hear about it. It's only inches on the reel-to-reel. And the radio is in the hands of such a lot of fools tryin' to anaesthetise the way that you feel  [Chorus]  Wonderful radio Marvelous radio Wonderful radio Radio, radio... 
boy with a problem (demo)-Elvis Costello[SEP]I feel like a boy with a problem I can't remember what I've forgotten All because I slapped your face and made you cry It's the last thing I want to do Pull the curtains on me and you Pull the carpet from under love Pull the bow out of Cupid's view  You swore you wouldn't shout It's not your punch then it's your pout Days in silence try my temper Nights spent drinking to remember How memories are always tender  I crept out last night behind your back The little they know might be the piece I lack Came home drunk Staggering words I've had a drink Invited some girls tonight I've got a problem but let's go to bed I can roll over and I can play dead But here I am in the doghouse instead  I feel like a boy with a problem I can't recall what I've forgotten Sleeping with forgiveness in your heart for me 
havana-Camila Cabello[SEP][Camila Cabello:] Havana, ooh na-na (ay) Half of my heart is in Havana, ooh-na-na (ay, ay) He took me back to East Atlanta, na-na-na Oh, but my heart is in Havana (ay) There's somethin' 'bout his manners (uh huh) Havana, ooh na-na  He didn't walk up with that "how you doin'?" (When he came in the room) He said there's a lot of girls I can do with (But I can't without you) I knew him forever in a minute (That summer night in June) And papa says he got malo in him He got me feelin' like  Ooh... I knew it when I met him I loved him when I left him Got me feelin' like Ooh... and then I had to tell him I had to go, oh na-na-na-na-na  Havana, ooh na-na (ay) Half of my heart is in Havana, ooh-na-na (ay, ay) He took me back to East Atlanta, na-na-na (uh huh) Oh, but my heart is in Havana (ay) My heart is in Havana Havana, ooh na-na  [Young Thug:] Jeffery Just graduated, fresh on campus, mmm Fresh out East Atlanta with no manners, damn Fresh out East Atlanta Bump on her bumper like a traffic jam (jam) Hey, I was quick to pay that girl like Uncle Sam (here you go, ay) Back it on me, shawty cravin' on me Get to eatin' on me (on me) She waited on me (then what?) Shawty cakin' on me, got the bacon on me (wait up) This is history in the makin' on me (on me) Point blank, close range, that B If it cost a million, that's me (that's me) I was gettin' mula, pretty baby  [Camila Cabello:] Havana, ooh na-na (ay, ay) Half of my heart is in Havana, ooh-na-na (oh, ay, ay) He took me back to East Atlanta, na-na-na (oh no) Oh, but my heart is in Havana My heart is in Havana Havana, ooh na-na  Ooh na-na, oh na-na-na Take me back, back, back like Ooh na-na, oh na-na-na Take me back, back, back like Ooh na-na, oh na-na-na Take me back, back, back like Ooh na-na, oh na-na-na Take me back, back, back Yeah, ay... Ooh... Take me back to my Havana...  Havana, ooh na-na Half of my heart is in Havana, ooh-na-na (oh, yeah) He took me back to East Atlanta, na-na-na Oh, but my heart is in Havana My heart is in Havana (ay) Havana, ooh na-na  Uh huh Oh na-na-na... No, no, no, take me back Oh na-na-na Havana, ooh na-na 
go away little girl-Donny Osmond[SEP]Go away little girl Go away little girl I'm not supposed to be alone with you  I know that your lips are sweet but our lips must never meet I'm dating somebody else and I must be true  Oh, go away little girl (go away little girl) Go away little girl (go away little girl) It's hurting me more each minute that we delay  When you're near me like this You're much too hard to resist So go away little girl Before I beg you to stay  (Go away little girl) Go away little girl (Go away little girl) Oh, go away little girl (It hurts me more the more that we delay)  When you're near me like this You're much too hard to resist So, go away little girl Let's call it a day little girl Please, go away little girl Before I beg you to stay  (Go away) Go away little girl (Go away) Go away little girl (Go away) Please, go away little girl (Go away) Go away little girl (Go away) 
sunshine of your love-Cream[SEP]It's gettin' near dawn When lights close their tired eyes I'll soon be with you my love To give you my dawn surprise I'll be with you darling soon I'll be with you when the stars start falling  I've been waiting so long To be where I'm going In the sunshine of your love  I'm with you my love The light's shinin' through on you Yes, I'm with you my love It's the morning and just we two I'll stay with you darling now I'll stay with you till my seas are dried up  I've been waiting so long To be where I'm going In the sunshine of your love  I'm with you my love The light's shinin' through on you Yes, I'm with you my love It's the morning and just we two I'll stay with you darling now I'll stay with you till my seas are dried up  I've been waiting so long I've been waiting so long I've been waiting so long To be where I'm going In the sunshine of your love 
never gonna give you up-Rick Astley[SEP]We're no strangers to love You know the rules and so do I A full commitment's what I'm thinking of You wouldn't get this from any other guy  I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching, but You're too shy to say it Inside, we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it  And if you ask me how I'm feeling Don't tell me you're too blind to see  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  (Ooh, give you up) (Ooh, give you up) Never gonna give, never gonna give (Give you up) Never gonna give, never gonna give (Give you up)  We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching, but You're too shy to say it Inside, we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it  I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you 
will it go round in circles-Billy Preston[SEP]I've got a song, I ain't got no melody I'ma gonna sing it to my friends I've got a song, I ain't got no melody I'ma gonna sing it to my friends  Will it go round in circles? Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky? Will it go round in circles? Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky?  I've got a story, ain't got no moral Let the bad guy win every once in a while I've got a story, ain't got no moral Let the bad guy win every once in a while  Will it go round in circles? Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky? Will it go round in circles? Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky?  I've got a dance, I ain't got no steps, no I'm gonna let the music move me around I've got a dance, I ain't got no steps I'm gonna let the music move me around  Will it go round in circles? Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky? Will it go round in circles? Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky?  Well Well Well Well  Will it go round in circles? Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky? Will it go round in circles? Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky?  I've got a song, I ain't got no melody I'ma gonna sing it to my friends I've got a song, I ain't got no melody I'ma gonna sing it to my friends  Will it go round in circles? Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky? Will it go round in circles? Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky?  Go round in circles Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky? Will it go round in circles? Will it fly high like a bird up in the sky? Woo... 
i'll make love to you-Boyz II Men[SEP][Nathan:] Close your eyes, make a wish And blow out the candlelight For tonight is just your night We're gonna celebrate, all thru the night  [Shawn:] Pour the wine, light the fire Girl your wish is my command I submit to your demands I will do anything, girl you need only ask  [Chorus:] I'll make love to you Like you want me to And I'll hold you tight Baby all through the night I'll make love to you When you want me to And I will not let go 'Till you tell me to  [Wanya:] Girl relax, let's go slow I ain't got nowhere to go I'm just gonna concentrate on you Girl are you ready, it's gonna be a long night Throw your clothes (Throw your clothes) on the floor (on the floor)  [Shawn:] I'm gonna take my clothes off too I made plans to be with you  [Wanya:] Girl whatever you ask me, you know, I could do  [Chorus:] I'll make love to you Like you want me to And I'll hold you tight Baby all through the night I'll make love to you When you want me to And I will not let go 'Till you tell me to  [Wanya:] Baby tonight is your night And I will do you right Just make a wish on your night Anything that you ask I will give you the love of your life, your life, your life  [Chorus:] I'll make love to you Like you want me to And I'll hold you tight Baby all through the night I'll make love to you When you want me to And I will not let go 'Till you tell me to  [Chorus:] I'll make love to you Like you want me to And I'll hold you tight Baby all through the night I'll make love to you When you want me to And I will not let go 'Till you tell me to 
on bended knee-Boyz II Men[SEP]Darling, I, I can't explain Where did we lose our way Girl, it's drivin' me insane And I know I just need one more chance To prove my love to you If you come back to me I'll guarantee That I'll never let you go  Can we go back to the days our love was strong? Can you tell me how a perfect love goes wrong? Can somebody tell me how to get things back the way they used to be? Oh, God, give me the reason I'm down on bended knee  I'll never walk again until you come back to me I'm down on bended knee  So many nights I dream of you Holding my pillow tight I know that I don't need to be alone When I open up my eyes to face reality Every moment without you It seems like eternity I'm begging you, begging you come back to me  Can we go back to the days our love was strong? Can you tell me how a perfect love goes wrong? Can somebody tell me how to get things back the way they used to be? Oh, God, give me the reason I'm down on bended knee  I'll never walk again until you come back to me I'm down on bended knee  [Spoken:] Baby, I'm sorry Please forgive me for all the wrong I've done Please come back home, girl I know you put all your trust in me I'm sorry I let you down Please forgive me  I'm gonna swallow my pride Say I'm sorry Stop pointing fingers The blame is on me I want a new life And I want it with you If you feel the same Don't ever let it go  You gotta believe in the spirit of love It'll heal all things It won't hurt any more No, I don't believe our love's terminal I'm down on my knees Begging you please Come home  Can we go back to the days our love was strong? Can you tell me how a perfect love goes wrong? Can somebody tell me how to get things back the way they used to be? Oh, God, give me the reason I'm down on bended—down on bended knee  Wanna build a new life Just you and me Gonna make you my wife Raise a family  I'll never walk again 'til you come back to me I'm down on bended knees. 
cathy's clown-Everly Brothers[SEP]Don't want your love anymore Don't want your kisses, that's for sure I die each time I hear this sound: "Here he comes. That's Cathy's clown."  I've gotta stand tall You know a man can't crawl But when he knows you’re tellin’ lies And he hears them passing’ by He's not a man at all  Don't want your love anymore Don't want your kisses, that's for sure I die each time I hear this sound: "Here he comes. That's Cathy's clown."  When you see me shed a tear And you know that it’s sincere Don’t you think it’s kind of sad That you’re treating me so bad Or don’t you even care?  Don't want your love anymore Don't want your kisses, that's for sure I die each time I hear this sound: "Here he comes. That's Cathy's clown That's Cathy's clown That's Cathy's clown." 
lonely island-Everly Brothers[SEP]I'm living on a lonely island In a loveless ocean Full of misery I'll die here on my lonely island Unless you give your sweet love back to me  I can't seem to take it I'm blue as I can be I'm blind to any other lovers charms I know I can't make it Without your love for me I've got to have you back here in my arms  I'm living on a lonely island In a loveless ocean Full of misery I'll die here on my lonely island Unless you give your sweet love back to me 
slippin' and slidin'-Everly Brothers[SEP]Slippin' and-a-slidin' - peepin' and a-hidin' Been told a long time ago Slippin' and-a-slidin' - peepin' and a-hidin' Been told a long time ago I've been told baby you've been bold Gonna be your fool no more  Okay conniver, nothin' but a jiver Done got after your jive Okay conniver, nothin' but a jiver Done got after your jive Slippin' and -a-slidin' - peepin' and a-hidin' Gonna be your fool no more  Oh Mama Linda, she's a solid sender You know you'd better surrender Oh Mama Linda, she's a solid sender You know you'd better surrender Slippin' and-a-slidin' - peepin' and a-hidin' Gonna be your fool no more  Slippin' and-a-slidin' - peepin' and a-hidin' Been told a long time ago Slippin' and-a-slidin' - peepin' and a-hidin' Been told a long time ago I've been told baby you've been bold Gonna be your fool no more  Slippin' and-a-slidin' - peepin' and a-hidin' Been told a long time ago Slippin' and-a-slidin' - peepin' and a-hidin' Been told a long time ago I've been told baby you've been bold... 
love is strange-Everly Brothers[SEP]Love, love is strange (yeah, yeah) Lots of people take it for game Once you've got it, you never wanna quit (no, no) After you've had it, you're in an awful fix Love is strange, love is strange  [spoken:] [Phil:] Hey Don? [Don:] What Phil? [Phil:] How would you call your baby home? [Don:] Well, if I needed her real bad, I guess I would call her like this  [sung:] Baby, oh sweet baby, my sweet baby, please come home  [spoken: Phil] Yeah, that ought to bring her home, Don!  People don't understand (no, no) They think love is money in the hand Your sweet lovin' is better than a kiss (yeah, yeah) When you love (leave?!) me, sweet kisses I miss Love is strange, love is strange 
long time gone-Everly Brothers[SEP]You cheated me and made me lonely I tried to be your very own There'll be a day you'll want me only But when I leave, I'll be a long time gone Be a long time gone Be a long time gone Yes, when I leave, I'll be a long time gone  You're gonna be sad, you're gonna be weepin' You're gonna be blue and all alone You'll regret the day you seen me leavin' 'Cause when I leave, I'll be a long time gone Be a long time gone Be a long time gone Yes, when I leave, I'll be a long time gone  You'll see my face through tears and sorrow You'll miss the love you called your own Baby, there'll be no tomorrow 'Cause when I leave, I'll be a long time gone Be a long time gone Be a long time gone Yes, when I leave, I'll be a long time gone 
she never smiles anymore-Everly Brothers[SEP]Once her smile would make the sun go dim And then she left me for him The night she said goodbye There were tears in her eyes Where there'd never been tears before  Woh-woh She never smiles anymore She never smiles anymore She said, I was just too young And she would act her age and be too old for me Now she's got her man But she's got no time to grin Like a little girl I once knew before  Woh-woh She never smiles anymore She never smiles anymore I would like to talk to her again But I'd only wind up loving her again And then I know we can never love again They'll always be another guy just like him But each time she walks by Inside my heart cries Why didn't you leave it like before  Woh-woh She never smiles anymore She never smiles anymore She never smiles anymore She never smiles anymore She never smiles anymore She never smiles anymore 
kentucky-Everly Brothers[SEP]Kentucky You are the dearest land outside of Heaven to me Kentucky I miss your laurel and your redbud trees  When I die, I want to rest upon a graceful mountain so high For that is Where God will look for me  Kentucky I miss the old folks singing in the silvery moonlight Kentucky I miss the hound dogs chasin’ (Rac)coon  I know that My mother, dad and sweetheart are waiting for me Kentucky I will be coming soon Kentucky 
i've been wrong before-Everly Brothers[SEP]I've been wrong before But I know for sure That I saw you last night Out With another guy It nearly made me cry So I'm telling you girl Stand by me my love And I'll give you anything you want Anytime you want  So, stand by me my love And I'll give you everything And I'll give you everything Stand by me my love And I'll give you anything you want Anytime you want  So, stand by me my love And I'll give you everything And I'll give you everything I, I've been wrong before But I know for sure That I saw you last night Out With another guy It nearly made me cry  So I'm telling you girl Cry So I'm telling you girl Cry So I'm telling you girl Cry 
autumn leaves-Everly Brothers[SEP]The falling leaves Drift by my window The autumn leaves Of red and gold I see your lips The summer kisses The sunburned hands I used to hold  Since you went away The days grow long And soon I'll hear Old winter songs But I miss you most of all my darling When autumn leaves start to fall  Since you went away The days grow long And soon I'll hear Old winter songs But I miss you most of all my darling When autumn leaves start to fall 
this little girl of mine-Everly Brothers[SEP]This little girl of mine, I want you people to know This little girl of mine, I take her everywhere I go  One day I looked at my suit, my suit was new I looked at my shoes and they were too And that's why, why, why, why I oh yeah, Love that little girl of mine  This little girl of mine, Makes me happy when I'm sad This little girl of mine, Love's me even when I'm bad  She knows how to love me right down to her teeth If she does any wrong, you know she keeps it from me And that's why, why, why, why I, oh yeah, Love that little girl of mine  And that's why, why, why, why I, oh yeah, Love that little girl of mine  This little girl of mine, Called me last night about eight This little girl of mine, Told me that we had a date  She said that she'd meet me at a-quarter to nine, Believe or not but she was right on time And that's why, why, why, why I, oh yeah, Love that little girl of mine  This little girl of mine, Knows how to dress so neat This little girl of mine, Stops the traffic on the street  And when a fella starts a-whistlin', I don't mind I can't blame him, 'cause she is fine And that's why, why, why, why I, oh yeah, Love that little girl of mine 
sleepless nights-Everly Brothers[SEP]Through the sleepless nights I cry for you And wonder who, is kissing you Oh these sleepless nights will break my heart in two  Somehow through the days I don't give in I hide the tears that wait within Oh but then through sleepless nights I cry again  Why did you go? Why did you go? Don't you know, don't you know I need you?  I keep hoping you'll come back to me Oh let it be, please let it be Oh my love, please end these sleepless nights for me 
roving gambler-Everly Brothers[SEP]I am a roving gambler, I've gambled down in town Wherever I meet with a deck of cards I lay my money down. Lay my money down, lay my money down  I had not been in Washington, many more weeks than three ‘Til I fell in love with a pretty little girl, she fell in love with me. Fell in love with me, fell in love with me  She took me in her parlour, she cooled me with her fan She whispered low in her momma's ear, “I love that gambling man. Love that gamblin' man, love that gamblin' man”  “Daughter, oh dear daughter, how can you treat me so? To leave your dear old mother, and with a gambler go? With a gambler go, with a gambler go?”  I've gambled down in Washington; I've gambled down in Spain I'm goin' down in Georgia to gamble my last game Gamble my last game, gamble my last game  “Mother, oh dear mother, you know I love you well But the love I have for the gambling man, no human tongue can tell. No human tongue can tell, no human tongue can tell  I hear that train a-coming, coming 'round the curve A-whistling and a-blowing straining every nerve Strainin' every nerve, strainin' every nerve  “Mother, oh dear mother, I'll tell you if I can If you ever see me comin' back, I'll be with the gambling man Be with the gambling man. Be with the gambling man”  I am a roving gambler, I've gambled down in town Wherever I meet with a deck of cards I lay my money down Lay my money down, lay my money down 
rip it up-Everly Brothers[SEP]Saturday night, I just got paid A fool about my money, don't try to save My heart says a-go-go, have a time 'Cause it's Saturday night, An' baby I'm a-feelin' fine  I'm gonna rock it up I'm gonna rip it up I'm gonna shake it up I'm gonna ball it up I'm gonna rock it up Have a ball tonight  Got me a date, I won't be late I pick her up in my eighty-eight Shack on down by the union hall When the joint starts jumpin' I'll have a ball  I'm gonna rock it up I'm gonna rip it up I'm gonna shake it up I'm gonna ball it up I'm gonna rock it up Have a ball tonight  Saturday night, I just got paid A fool about my money, don't try to save My heart says a-go-go, have a time 'Cause it's Saturday night, An' baby I'm a-feelin' fine  I'm gonna rock it up I'm gonna rip it up I'm gonna shake it up I'm gonna ball it up I'm gonna rock it up Have a ball tonight  Got me a date, I won't be late I pick her up in my eighty-eight Shack on down by the union hall When the joint starts jumpin' I'll have a ball  I'm gonna rock it up I'm gonna rip it up I'm gonna shake it up I'm gonna ball it up I'm gonna rock it up Have a ball tonight 
sticks and stones-Everly Brothers[SEP]People talkin' tryin' to break us up Why won't they let us be Sticks and stones may break my bones But talk don't bother me  People talkin' tryin' to break us up When they know I love you so I don't care what the people may say I'll never never let you go  I've been abused (I've been abused) In my heart (My heart and soul) I've been abused (I've been abused) I've been abused, (I've been abused and I've been stoned)  People talkin' tryin' to break us up Scandalize my name Say anything just to make me feel bad Anything to make me ashamed  I've been abused (I've been abused) In my heart (My heart and soul) I've been abused (I've been abused) I've been abused (I've been abused and I've been stoned)  People talkin' tryin' to break us up Scandalize my name Say anything just to make me feel bad Anything to make me ashamed I've been abused (I've been abused) In my heart (My heart and soul  I've been abused (I've been abused) I've been abused (I've been abused and I've been stoned) People talkin' tryin' to break us up Scandalize my name Say anything just to make me feel bad Anything to make me ashamed  I've been abused (I've been abused) I've been abused (I've been abused) (I've been abused) I've been abused (I've been abused) (I've been abused) I've been abused (I've been abused) 
trains and boats and planes-Everly Brothers[SEP]Trains and boats and planes Are passing by They mean a trip To Paris or Rome For someone else But not for me The trains and the boats and planes Took you away Away from me  We were so in love And high above We had a star To wish upon, wish And dreams came true But not for me The trains and the boats and planes Took you away Away from me  Trains and boats and planes Took you away But every time I see them I pray And if my prayer Can cross the sea The trains and boats and planes Will bring you back Back home to me... Mmm Mmm Trains and boats and planes 
like everytime before-Everly Brothers[SEP]If you would only look into my eyes Then you would see the truth within them lies That I am trying hard to bring us back together You try so hard to complicate our love But underneath it all it's pride my love That's hurting us and keeping us apart If you'd only realise  I've been happy with you once before Can't you let it be the same and more Without you fighting me fighting me I start to wonder if it's worth it all But then I look at you and start to fall In love again like every time before If you'd only realise  I've been happy with you once before Can't you let it be the same and more Without you fighting me fighting me I start to wonder if it's worth it all But then I look at you and start to fall In love again like every time before In love again like every time before In love again like every time before 
all i have to do is dream-Everly Brothers[SEP]Dream, dream, dream, dream Dream, dream, dream, dream  When I want you in my arms When I want you and all your charms Whenever I want you All I have to do is dream Dream, dream, dream  When I feel blue in the night And I need you to hold me tight Whenever I want you All I have to do is dream  I can make you mine Taste your lips of wine Anytime night or day Only trouble is Gee whiz I'm dreamin' my life away  I need you so, that I could die I love you so and that is why Whenever I want you All I have to do is dream Dream, dream, dream, dream  I can make you mine Taste your lips of wine Anytime night or day Only trouble is Gee whiz I'm dreamin' my life away  I need you so, that I could die I love you so and that is why Whenever I want you All I have to do is dream  Dream, dream, dream Dream, dream, dream, dream Dream, dream, dream, dream Dream 
keep a knockin'-Everly Brothers[SEP]Keep a-knockin' but you can't come in Keep a-knockin' but you can't come in Keep a-knockin' but you can't come in Come back tomorrow night and try it again  You said you love me but you can't come in You said you love me but you can't come in You said you love me but you can't come in Come back tomorrow night and try it again  Keep a-knockin' but you can't come in Keep a-knockin' but you can't come in Keep a-knockin' but you can't come in Come back tomorrow night and try it again  You said you love me but you can't come in You said you love me but you can't come in You said you love me but you can't come in Come back tomorrow night and try it again  Keep a-knockin' but you can't come in Keep a-knockin' but you can't come in Keep a-knockin' but you can't come in Come back tomorrow night and try it again  You said you love me but you can't come in You said you love me but you can't come in You said you love me but you can't come in Come back tomorrow night and try it again  Keep a-knockin' but you can't come in Keep a-knockin' but you can't come in Keep a-knockin' but you can't come in 
please help me i'm falling-Everly Brothers[SEP]Please help me I'm falling In love with you Close the door to temptation Don't let me walk through Turn away from me darling I'm begging you to Please help me I'm falling In love with you  I belong to another Whose arms have grown cold But I promised forever To have and to hold I can never be free dear But when I'm with you I know that I'm losing The strength to be true  Please help me I'm falling And that would be sin Close the door to temptation Don't let me walk in For I mustn't want you But darling I do Please help me I'm falling In love with you 
lonely avenue-Everly Brothers[SEP]My room has got two windows But the sunshine never comes through It's awful dark and dreary Since I broke off, baby, with you I live on a lonely avenue, My little girl wouldn't say, "I do" Well, I feel so sad and blue It's all because of you I could cry, cry, cry I could die, die, die I live on a, lonely avenue A lonely avenue  My covers they feel like leather My pillow it feels like stone I've tossed and turned so every night, I'm not used to sleeping alone I live on a lonely avenue, My little girl wouldn't say, "I do" I feel so sad and blue It's all because of you. I could cry, cry, cry I could die, die, die I live on a, lonely avenue A lonely avenue  I've been so sad and lonesome Since you've left this town If I knew where you had gone child, Well I'd be highway bound I live on a lonely avenue, My little girl wouldn't say, "I do" Well, I feel so sad and blue It's all because of you. I could cry, cry, cry I could die, die, die I live on a, lonely avenue, a lonely avenue 
oh so many years-Everly Brothers[SEP]All these many years I've loved you No-one has ever known No-one has ever known but you alone I've kept it locked inside my heart And smiled through all my tears My darling, I have loved you oh so many years  Each night within my lonely room I cry dear, over you And pray to God that things will turn out right But when the dawn of day appears I brush away my tears My darling, I have loved you oh so many years  I'll go on pretending that my life is oh so gay And happy dear without you by my side When all the time my heart is longing just to have you near My darling I have loved you oh so many years  Maybe fate will lead us down a path where we will meet again And then we will be free to love anew Then one sweet kiss from your dear lips Will banish all my fears My darling I have loved you oh so many years 
hold on-Wilson Phillips[SEP]I know this pain Why do you lock yourself up in these chains? No one can change your life except for you Don't ever let anyone step all over you Just open your heart and your mind Is it really fair to feel this way inside?  Some day somebody's gonna make you want to Turn around and say goodbye Until then baby are you going to let them Hold you down and make you cry Don't you know? Don't you know things can change Things'll go your way If you hold on for one more day Can you hold on for one more day Things'll go your way Hold on for one more day  You could sustain Or are you comfortable with the pain? You've got no one to blame for your unhappiness You got yourself into your own mess Lettin' your worries pass you by Don't you think it's worth your time To change your mind?  Some day somebody's gonna make you want to Turn around and say goodbye Until then baby are you going to let them Hold you down and make you cry Don't you know? Don't you know things can change Things'll go your way If you hold on for one more day Can you hold on for one more day Things'll go your way Hold on for one more day  I know that there is pain But you hold on for one more day and Break free from the chains Yeah I know that there is pain But you hold on for one more day and you Break free, break from the chains  Some day somebody's gonna make you want to Turn around and say goodbye Until then baby are you going to let them Hold you down and make you cry Don't you know? Don't you know things can change Things'll go your way If you hold on for one more day yeah If you hold on  Don't you know things can change Things'll go your way If you hold on for one more day, If you hold on Can you hold on Hold on baby Won't you tell me now Hold on for one more day 'Cause It's gonna go your way  Don't you know things can change Things'll go your way If you hold on for one more day Can't you change it this time  Make up your mind Hold on Hold on Baby hold on 
he's so fine-Chiffons[SEP](Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) (Do-lang-do-lang) He's so fine (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) Wish he were mine (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) That handsome boy over there (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) The one with the wavy hair (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) I don't know how I'm gonna do it (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) But, I'm gonna make him mine (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) He's the envy of all the girls (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) It's just a matter of time (Do-lang-do-lang)  He's a soft-spoken guy (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) Also, seems kinda shy (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) Makes me wonder if I (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) Should even give him a try? (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) But then I know he can't shy (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) He can't shy away forever (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) And, I'm gonna make him mine (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) If it takes me forever (Do-lang-do-lang)  He's so fine (Oh, yeah) Gotta be mine (Oh, yeah) Sooner or later (Oh, yeah) I hope it's not later (Oh, yeah) We got to get together (Oh, yeah) The sooner, the better (Oh, yeah) I just can't wait I just can't wait To be held in his arms  If I were a queen (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) And, he asked me to leave my throne (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) I'd do anything that he asked (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang) Anything to make him my own (Do-lang-do-lang-do-lang)  For he's so fine (So fine) So fine (So fine) So fine (So fine) So fine (So fine) So fine (So fine) Oh, yeah (So fine) So fine 
too long-Daft Punk[SEP]Too long Too long Too long Too long  (Too long) It's been much too long I feel it coming on (Too long) The feeling's getting strong (Too long) It's been much too long I feel it coming on (Too long) The feeling's in my bones  (Too long) It's been much too long I feel it coming on (Too long) The feeling's getting strong (Too long) It's been much too long I feel it coming on (Too long) The feeling's in my bones  (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it? (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it?  Mmh, yeah Mmh, yeah Mmh, yeah Mmh, yeah  At last the long wait is over The weight is off my shoulders I'm taking all control, yeah My, my mind is set so free I'm where I want to be To get the best of me  (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it? (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it?  I see you feel the way I do The feeling's oh so true The good feelings coming through My, my mind is set so free I'm where I want to be To get the best of me  (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it? (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it?  It's been much too long I feel it coming on The feeling's getting strong It's been much too long I feel it coming on The feeling's in my bones  It's been much too long I feel it coming on The feeling's getting strong It's been much too long I feel it coming on The feeling's in my bones  (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it? (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it?  At last, the long wait is over The weight is off my shoulders I'm taking all control, yeah My, my mind is set so free I'm where I want to be To get the best of me  (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it? (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it?  (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it? (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it?  (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it? (Too long) Can you feel it? (Too long) Oh, can you feel it?  You know you need it Hey, I need it too (well, alright) You know you need it It's good for you (we gonna move) ... 
teachers-Daft Punk[SEP]Paul Johnson DJ Funk DJ Sneak DJ Rush Waxmaster Hyperactive Jammin Gerald Brian Wilson George Clinton Lil Louis Ashley Beatto Neil Landstrumm Kenny Dope DJ Hell Louis Vega K-Alexi Dr. Dre is in the house yeah Omega in the house Gemini is in the house Jeff Mills is in the house DJ Deeon DJ Milton DJ Slugo DJs on the low Green Velvet Joey Beltram DJ Esp Roy Davis Boo Williams DJ Tonka DJ Skull DJ Pierre Mark Dearborn in the house, yeah. Todd Edward's in the house Romanthony's in the house Ceevea in the house Luke Slater Derrick Carter Robert Hood Paris Mitchel Dave Clarke is in the house Van Helden in the house Armando in the house Surgeon's in the house, yeah 
television rules the nation-Daft Punk[SEP]Television rules the nation Television rules the nation Television rules the nation Television rules the nation  Television rules the nation Television rules the nation Television rules the nation Television rules the nation  Television rules the nation Television rules the nation  Television rules the nation Television rules the nation Television rules the nation Television rules the nation  Television rules the nation Television rules the nation Television rules the nation Television rules the nation  Television rules the nation Television rules the nation Television rules the nation [fade out] 
wdpk 83.7 fm-Daft Punk[SEP]Music [x10] WDPK 83.7 the sound of tomorrow, the music of today brings you exclusively Daft Punk's Homework 
down under-Men at Work[SEP]Travelling in a fried-out Kombi On a hippie trail, head full of zombie I met a strange lady, she made me nervous She took me in and gave me breakfast And she said:  "Do you come from a land down under Where women glow and men plunder Can't you hear, can't you hear the thunder You better run, you better take cover."  Buying bread from a man in Brussels He was six foot four and full of muscle I said, "Do you speak-a my language?" He just smiled and gave me a Vegemite sandwich And he said:  "I come from a land down under Where beer does flow and men chunder Can't you hear, can't you hear the thunder You better run, you better take cover." (yeah)  Lying in a den in Bombay With a slack jaw, and not much to say I said to the man, "Are you trying to tempt me? Because I come from the land of plenty." And he said:  "Oh! Do you come from a land down under (oh yeah yeah) Where women glow and men plunder Can't you hear, can't you hear the thunder You better run, you better take cover." 
hootie hoo-Outkast[SEP][Big Boi:] Hootie Hoo Follow the funk from the skunk and the dank that is crunk in the dungeon It goes on and on and on, like that Goin out to the Jeeps and hoes in the 'Lac Ah suki, suki All day and day, any day, every damn day I be thinkin about the good ol' days when I was a whippersnapper Used to try to get a kiss, but now it be them draws I'm after I'm just a Southernplayalistic pimp I used to slang a fat rock, but now I'm servin hemp I never even smoke that crumba crap but yo, I'm dope But doper than a junky or a pooky cuz it's on So each one, teach one, I be claimin true Two weeks born in College Park and the things I used to do Around ATL, home of the pimps and the money makers Club niggaz, Magic City and them Southern playas I never said I was a gangsta but I will do ya So Hallelujah, Hallelujah One for the playas at the crib, dank and dranks And two is for the sound, Hootie Hoo that I make  [chorus:] Hootie Hoo Tight like always, smoked out always (Hootie Hoo) Yeah, Hootie Hoo Big Boi on the left, Andre's on my right Tight like always, smoked out always (Hootie Hoo)  [Dre:] Now playin these bitches is my favorite sport But ain't no game when they be callin your name in the court Oh, it's Saturday night, I guess that makes it alright Got an obese twenty sack, fully packed, it's so tight That it's bustin out the seems, yes sir, I'm set Oh, but let me tuck the 380 before I jet Hops off in the Lac with Big Gipp, you got a light (Hootie Hoo) Communication device off when I writes Should I answer the call, yes, I'm mackin 'em all We met 'em up in the mall, recall Player's Ball Well, it's Player's Ball 2, so I guess I'll call you Later on, and then your whole crew can fall through Now later on done got here I takes a peek, now let me see, what do we got here? Draws, fallin down like niggaz in a drive-by I got up in them hoes and I told 'em bye bye About two weeks later, she called me with some bullshit Talkin 'bout her period late, guess what I did Click Naw, it couldn't be me. Not me  [chorus (2X)]  [Big Boi:] Uh, well you know we gettin blizzard cuz we got that chicken gizzard In the dungeon and scope but some of you niggaz can't cope with it So, Opie, hip hop, to the front, to the back and it don't stop From the streets of ATL to the slums of College Park So got on Martino, it's Outkast for the 94 era You heard the player's call, we takin it to another level So 'lujah, Halle, let me get a swallow of that Martel And you may go to hell  [Dre:] Set sail with a nigga from ATL, Southwest that is It's that Southern ses in your chest that is One mo' gen for my friend who don't take No bullshit from no bitch who is stank I ain't the sugar daddy nigga who will make you Silly of you to think that I would, but I will lay you Down like some bo-los, you can throw those Head, til I'm dead, yes, it's now your broke hoes Don't get me wrong to disrespect is not my shit But if you fall in this category, then youse a bitch  [chorus (4X)] 
spaghetti junction-Outkast[SEP]Yeah Yeah Yes Spaghetti Junction Yes yes Elope ski slopes (coughs) ahh Damn Yeah Check this out  [Andre 3000] Niggas elope wit ski slopes and fall like avalanches Tootin like it's cool being fooled and i can't just Sit around and watch those snow membranes flame My ends is loose and you can't stop that rain When it starts to fall  [Big Boi] Lookin like Ms. Pacman ???? and cat man I'm speaking about these pros cause you know nothing bout that man The nigga the B-I-G is high in flight like value jet You thinking about the B team cause my end is never met Nigga  [Andre 3000] Black man white man Jew man ain't no joke Remember when me and my cousin used to sit up on the porch And talk about when we get older now we up against the ropes Yeah they kickin niggas door down cause it ain't no dope On the streets  [Big Boi] And a quarter of time to feed me That's all a nigga like me need Talking about that Southern sess now you all up in that mess But never shall you test and never shall you quit Running up on me with that fuck shit will get you nothing but hell  [Chorus:] Be careful where you roam cause you might not make it home *Whispers* junction junction Don't you dare ever get lost cause you get caught up in that sauce *Whispers* junction junction To all ya playas play ya tims and ya hustlas wit ya rims Macks and Pimps live on the outside of the corners that you've been Y'all Yes yes yes Uh *Whispers* Junction Junction  [Big Boi] Well I'm dranking up on yak while I'm dippin off in that 'lac ('lac) The junkies around my way are always smokin up on that crack (crack) Lay them college park hoes flat on they back Living the life of pimps steadily making this paper stack Niggas don't understand the master plan coming to earn man Till they start kickin the door in then we ready to blast Them out (out) like planes (planes) that's bout to crash So mayday Maytrain knock em up off they ass Boy  [Andre 3000] We struggle like fat hoes just to get things that ?? People got we forgot they always gonna keep a plot Right up they sleeve you won't believe they decieve Like weak theives can't break in your crib and leave and they built like two So ???? and then i'm straight And they drove ???? see my folks can't cover three I's We wise to the fact so we attack wit what we know Heaven is the only good life so what you strivin fo  [Chorus]  [Big Boi] Uh  check this shit out though uh well Well I flip flops and football socks A nigga be rockin the mic like birthdays Lil Jon and Sirsce so why you worth-ay I'm callin yo ass a flaw pimp yappin about this crew you run wit Bankhead bouncing to that dumb shit so what mo can you come wit  [Andre 3000] Yeah they can bite but cannot be us They can come and pick up little slang but cannot see us You ought to be ashamed trying to fit in my adidas So Run like DMC like you don't know you got no heater  [Big Boi] Well we zippin around the corner in that golden stankin lincoln Got my heat up under my seat in case the junkies tryin to take it Pullin the pistol on another black man was never the plot But sometimes a brother will shoot for wealth and try to take my spot  [Andre 3000] Well they come like black stallions in the night You see around four or five that's when they figure the time is right That's when you good and sleep I couldn't sleep until I seen em wit my own eyes Till they come over the hill suprised  [Chorus] 
take off your cool-Outkast[SEP]Hey yaaa... Ba-doo-baaaa-ba-doo-baaaaa [repeat 2X]  [Norah Jones] Baby, take off your cool I wanna see you, I wanna see you Baby, don't be so cool I wanna see you, I wanna see you  [Andre 3000] Baby, take off your cool I want to get to know you (Take off your cool) 
hey ya-Outkast[SEP]One, two, three, uh!  My baby don't mess around Because she loves me so And this I know for sure But does she really wanna But can't stand to see me Walk out the door  Don't try to fight the feelin' 'Cause the thought alone Is killing me right now Uh, thank God for mom and dad For sticking two together 'Cause we don't know how  Hey, ya [repeat]  You think you've got it Oh, you think you've got it But got it just don't get it 'Til there's nothing at all We get together Oh, we get together But separate's always better When there's feelings involved  If what they say is "Nothing is forever" Then what makes, then what makes, then what makes, then what makes, what makes, what makes love the exception So why you, why you, why you, why you, why you Are we so in denial When we know we're not happy here  Y'all don't wanna hear me, you just wanna dance  Hey, ya Hey, ya Hey, ya Don't want to meet your daddy Hey, ya Just want you in my Caddy Hey, ya Don't want to meet your mama Hey, ya Just want to make you cumma Hey, ya I'm, I'm Hey, ya I'm just being honest I'm just being honest  Hey, alright now Alright now fellas yeah! Now what's cooler than bein' cool? (Ice cold!) I can't hear ya' I say what's, what's cooler than bein' cool? (Ice cold!)  Alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright  OK now ladies (yeah!) Now we gon' break this thing down in just a few seconds Now don't have me to break this thing down for nothing Now I wanna see y'all on your baddest behavior Lend me some sugar, I am your neighbor  Here we go Shake it, shake, shake it, shake it Shake it, shake it, shake, shake it, shake it, shake it Shake it, shake it like a Polaroid picture Shake it, shake it Sh you got to, shake it, sh shake it, shake it, got to shake it Shake it sugar Shake it like a Polaroid picture  [Repeating "Shake it" in background:] Now all Beyoncés and Lucy Lius And baby dolls Get on the floor Get on the floor  Shake it like a Polaroid picture, sugar You know what to do You know what to do Shake it like a Polaroid picture You know what to do!  Hey, ya [repeat] 
two dope boyz (in a cadillac)-Outkast[SEP][Verse One: Big Boi, Andre]  From the bottom of my lungs a nigga be blowin, spittin his game Comin up on ya from the South, the A-T-Liens aint changed Cooler than most players claim to be A nigga that's from the A-Town see The home of the Bankhead Bounce, Campbellton Road and other city streets Enough of the verality, fallacy, butter we speak not fiction Speakin of pullin yo' girl lookin at Jheri curls you bitches Everytime I ryhme for y'all, I'm lookin to prove a point kickin a freestyle every now and then but mostly off the joint See I smoke good cuz see it go good wit them flows, why the nigga the B-I-G like Tony Rich nobody knows why but me and my folks, cuz yall niggas jokes like the joker I'm sick of these wack ass rappers like I'm tired of hoes in chokers  Who dem boyz that be havin the cronk every occasion This side niggaz dustin, that side niggaz lacin But in the middle we stay calm, we just drop bombs askin where we come from...South Post Lodge  [Chorus:]  Its Just Two Dope Boyz In A Cadillac [2X]  [Verse Two: Andre, Big Boi]  This ol sucka MC stepped up to me Challenged Andre to a battle and I stood there patiently As he spit and stumbled over cliches, so called freestylin Whole purpose just to make me feel low, I guess you whylin I say look boi, I ain't for that fuck shit; so fuck this Let me explain on this child style so you don't miss I grew up to myself not round no park bench just a nigga bustin flows off in apartments  Now who dem boyz that be havin the cronk every occasion This side niggaz dustin, that side niggaz lacin But in the middle we stay calm, we just drop bombs askin where we come from...South Post slums  [Chorus]  [Verse Three: Big Boi, Andre]  It goes chromes to the Fleetwoods, Coups to the Villes Hittin Girbauds and off these flows we havin the playa chill In this atmosphere this ain't no practice here we cuttin the fool now I'm doin ya at the house and throwin you out because I'm through now Don't you love the way we clamin Bankhead, stankhead Lookin around the SWATS for the herb that's never tainted Fainted when you heard the bourbon servin on the block And all you bitin indivuals need to check yourselfs and stop  Yeah tight like nuts and bolts, sluts and hoes that get evicted I'm dealin wit Queens in my castle aint worth to risk it Now tricks be lookin at me like I'm they way up out the pro-jects Can't put you on my payroll, and no I ain't got no Rolex or no diamond at the exit with a sign sayin "We'll rap for food" My face is bawled up cuz I ain't in a happy mood While my partner got the squeegee and the windex Cuz somewhere in my life I done went wrong jus like a syntax Error, bring the terror to your dome like P.E. Prone to finish this out cuz this be a free-style  Now who dem boyz that be havin the cronk every occasion this side niggaz dustin, that side niggaz lacin but in the middle we stay calm we just drop...... 
welcome to atlanta (interlude)-Outkast[SEP][Man with deep voice talking about Atlanta over Speakerphone] 
slum beautiful-Outkast[SEP][Hook] Slum beautiful, driving I plum crazy Slum beautiful, soul, but so amazing  [Andre 3000] They don't know, but I do though Baby my darling you make me loose composure Fragments of a million me Scattered across the floor to a certain degree Where I had to give your mama call And thank her for spending time with your daddy For all its worth, girl what's your frequency And can I come there frequently  [Hook]  [Big Boi] What I like to do most is spit this game like sports announcers And will pity pat them hoez down like a gentlemen club bouncer Ounce of killa dilla, be making my game more flagrant And once I done had some Cuervo 'bout six shots I'm nothin to play wit Like plug sockets and babies, possums, raccoons, and rabies Maybe Lady Luscious oba kaybee so they say thee An old school playa pimp type ass nigga like Tony Mercedes And will work every last muscle off in your body like Billy Blanky Hanky panky, where did you get your gold grill cause it's banging And I like then redhot Fila straight from Walters off the chain Fuck them bouige bitches they don't know nothin 'bout you 'Cause you push a big black Buick, so fresh, so clean on them trues Slum beautiful you's the would to me, shawty I dig ya And I'm loving the way them Jordache got a bear hug on your figure You my nigga, nigga  [Hook]  [Cee-Lo Goodie] Look at you, unbelievably, brilliant beautiful you You're looking deliciously divine darling you really and truly do The very thought of has got me running at the speed of love Exploring everything about you from the ground to the God above Suddenly I started dreaming, traveling in time so fast I could almost taste outer space I saw the face of God and looked like you and me too Hello, I'm the man that God made you for Profound don't think, okay let's put this poetry in motion I'm shining simply because mother earth I'm your son Our entire circumference engulfed in emotion  [Hook]  [Andre 3000] I don't know but, it seem like uh, your daddy must have gave you A teaspoon of honey every night before you went to bed Or was it a pack of Now & Laters cause you're the sweetest thing on my head And I'd like to say that I'd love to make love to every molecule of you And if you want to spontaneously combust  that's what we'll do in unison 
roses-Outkast[SEP][Verse One — Andre 3000:] Caroline! Caroline! See Caroline all the guys would say she's mighty fine But mighty fine only got you somewhere half the time And the other half either got you cursed out, or coming up short Yeah, now dig this, now even though  You'd need a golden calculator to divide The time it took to look inside and realize that Real guys go for real down to Mars girls, ha ha yeah!  [Chorus 2x:] I know you'd like to thank your shit don't stank But lean a little bit closer See that roses really smell like boo-boo Yeah, roses really smell like boo-boo  [Verse Two — Andre 3000:] Caroline! See she's the reason for the word "bitch" I hope she's speeding on the way to the club Trying to hurry up to get to some Baller or singer or somebody like that And try to put on her makeup in the mirror And crash, crash, crash into a ditch! (just playing!)  She needs a golden calculator to divide The time it took to look inside and realize That real guys go for real down to Mars girls, yeah!  [Chorus]  [Verse Three — Big Boi:] Well she's got a hottie body, but her attitude is potty When I met her at a party she was hardly acting naughty I said, "Shorty, would you call me?" She said, "Pardon me, are you ballin'?" I said, "Darling, you sound like a prostitute pursing." Oh so you're one them freaks, get geeked at the sight of an ATM receipt But game been peeped, dropping names she's weak Trickin' off this bitch is lost Must take me for a geek a quick way to eat A neat place sleep, a rent-a-car for a week, a trick for a treat Now go on the raw sex, my AIDS test is flawless Regardless, we don't want to get involved with no lawyers And judges just to hold grudges in a courtroom I wanna see ya support bra not support you!  [Chorus]  Better come back down to Mars Girl, quit chasin' cars What happens when the dough gets low Bitch, you ain't that fine No way, no way, no way  [Repeat 2x] Crazy bitch Bitch, stupid ass bitch Old punk ass bitch, old dumb ass bitch A bitch's bitch, just a bitch 
myintrotoletuknow-Outkast[SEP][Big Boi] Time and time again see I be thinking about that future Back in the day when we slaves up everyone's a cool ass nigga But now we vultures, slam my nigga back out To make his ass black out, or even pull your fuking head To make his whole crew believers, you're harder than a bitch full of dicks But that don't be sounding like he's shit to me See now in the ghetto or should I say Lakewood You better be strapped cuz them niggaz over there just ain't good Just being a hustla, serving on all your customers Rent was due on the 1st of the month so I'm hustling I buy you 50 box of Phillies at the Citgo And niggaz be wanting drinks and shit from the fuking sto', yo But that's aight, tho', cuz I be getting paid And every trip I take, there's a dollar to be made I'm digging through my pockets for my earnings got you five Deep, there it is, now it's time to smoke that jive  [Chorus:] If you smoke a dime, then I'll smoke a dime [2x]  Hey 'Dre, Let 'em know what's up  [Andre] I've been slipping, slowly but surely Niggaz I used to hang wit wants to act like they don't know me Come and listen to my story, I gots alot of shit up on my mind I wipe the boo-boo from my brain then I finish your behind Take a number, I caught you in a slumber I hit you for a lick, I'm in the slammer for the summer But now it's the fall, I'm having a ball, making my nickels act strong To my niggaz got to servin when they beep and when they call I got the Peter Bong and plus that Mary Jane I'm rolling reefer out of a Regal, how could I refrain From being rough, from being tough, from being dangerous I'm hangin wit the P.A. Niggaz, ain't no gankin us See you can try, if you try, if you don't, you don't If you wanna battle, it's either that you will or you won't See that rap shit is really just like selling smoke If you got some fly shit, yo, niggaz gonna how we tote Dope, is not what I be slanging on this track Niggaz don't comprehend that it be deeper that Cadillacs You know that, right, you bite, you fuked up You won't be getting away this time, I'm real as hell, so what's up I rip shit wit pimp shit, I'm flinging it from the south Talk bad about the A town, I'll bust you in your fuking mouth  [Chorus] 
good hair (interlude)-Outkast[SEP][Boy:] Hey shorty, let me holler at you [Girl:] What's up, baby? [Boy:] Girl, you got some pretty hair [Girl:] Aww, thank you baby. You know, I got a little bit of Spanish in me [Boy:] Girl you ain't Spanish, it's Hawaiian silky  (Break!) 
southernplayalisticadillacmuzik-Outkast[SEP][Big Boi] Well its the m i crooked letter coming around the south Rollin straight hammers and vogues in that old southern slouch Please, ain't nothing but incense in my atmosphere I'm bending corners in my lac boi, cause that's how we be rolling here Deep, the slang is in effect because its Georgia Kicking they khakis and ... packing yo pieces cause you supposed to cousin Catfish and grits is how my flow flow Rollin steady in that caddy but them 50 bottles got to go See Juice and gin used to be my friend, from the begin And now I'm just a player sippin sauce, every now and then To catch a buzz like a bumble bee Niggaz who tried to fuck with me Get sprayed like raid cause it ain't nothing see  [Andre] My heat is in the trunk along with that quad knock No my heart don't pump no koolaid Jump and you'll get too sprayed Hooray yo block the one and only Outkast Many a nigga falling fast and How you think you last-in Quickly, they ain't gone get me Got somethin fo'em The devil up in yo grill and you still don't even know'em Show'em, who's the OK Like collard greens and whole eggs I got soul, that's somethin that you ain't got That's why yo style is ro-ten, Stop in the land of ATL Where nothing but pimps, fully equipped Quick to make a sale, swell Rolling got my pocket fitness boomin light Rocket smoke tried to stop me but they know that its that...  [Chorus] Its that southerplayalisticcaddilac funky music Now Players if you choose it You better make sure you don't abuse it We gonna get you high, high  [Andre] Time to drop these bows, like dusty rhodes Then I yell ho We knocking em off they feet like a southern hustler supposed To do , I'm in the house, house like A joint is lit for my kin folks And all the niggas that was down, since we been broke Takin'em deeper than a submarine So scream when you hear the team of two My groove be thick as two fat hoes sittin off in a room I'm packing my tag backwards if you want to be acting wrong Word is bond like super glue Its funky like poopa scoop And every word I say you can true.  [Big Boi] Well OK dokey kastout I swear to God I got the highest boomin Cadillac The expialalistic coupe de ville Can you handle that you rat I take my time cruising round the city malls And under my seat for you suckers its your final curtain call The one two to the gauge p-u-m-p. You want to do a jack I heat the barrel till this hippi get me See i get friendly gettin in where i fit Organized is on the track with the southernplayalistic shit So copy my slang and bite my shit But don't try heckling me Cause sleeping you'll get served with some southern hospitality  [Chorus]  [Big Boi]  Well southernplayalisticadillac music has been laid I may wait for all the ... be rolling like that today hoes So back up off get up on it if you want it cha'll Looking for hoes and snitches was my thing on player's ball yup So now I step, rather walk with the pimp Lit by, my niggaz are at east point With that college park hemp smoke style Is how I wanna end it on this track so I pass it to my partner And step back up in my Cadillac  [Andre] Step into my shoes, you crews sittin on truths And those for the hoes only when we rolling through Atlanta skies be blue The sun is beaming it seemin That i glisten, rather gleaming 20/20 got me leaning to the side Feel the pride, now ain't that somethin I'm dippin into your hood This ain't braile, but I'm bumpin Thumping out the roaches Dungeon if ya'll missed it Big Gimp, Goodie MOb, PA, Outkast Southernplaylistic  [Chorus 3X] 
the way you move-Outkast[SEP]Boom, Boom, Boom. Heh, Heh.  [Big Boi] Ready for action, nip it in the bud We never relaxin’, OutKast is everlastin’ Not clashin’, not at all but see my nigga went to do a little acting. Now that’s for anyone askin’ give me one pass em’ Drip drip drop there goes an ear-gasm Now you cumin out the side of your face We're tapping right into your memory banks (Thanks!) So click it or ticket lets see your seat belt fastened Trunk rattlin’ like two midgets in the back seat wrestlin Speakerboxx vibrate the tag, make it sound like aluminum cans in a bag But I know ya’ll wanted that 808 can you feel that B-A-S-S, bass But I know ya’ll wanted that 808 can you feel that B-A-S-S, bass  [Chorus] I like the waaaay you move I like the waaaay you move (Whoo-o-o!) I love the waaaay you move I love the way, I love the way.  I love the waaaay you move I love the waaaay you move (Whoo-o-o!) I love the waaaay you move I love the way, I love the way.  [Big Boi] Then the whole room fell silent (Shhhhh!) The girls all pause with glee, turning left turning right, are they looking at me? But I was looking at them, there, there on the dance floor Now they got me in the middle feeling like a man whore Specially the big girl, big girls need love too no discrimination here, squirrel So keep your hands off my cheeks, and let me study how you ride the beat You big freak! Skinny, slim women got the camel toe within them You can hump them, lift them, bend them, give them something to remember Yell out timber when you fall through the chop shop. Take a deep a breath and exhale your ex male friend, boyfriend was boring as hell Now let me listen to the stories you tell and we can make moves like a person in jail. On the low, hoe  [Chorus]  [Sleepy Brown] Heeeey baby, girl don’t you stop Come on baby dance all around me You so fine (you so fine) you so fine You drive me outta my mind (my mind, outta my mind!) Oooh baby! If I could I would, just be with yoooou baaaaby Ooooooh Cause you like me and excite me and you know you got me baby! Oooooo!  I like the waaay you move (I like the way you move) I like the waaay you move (Ooo you so sexy baaby!) (Whoo-o-o!) I love the waaay you move I love the way, I love the way (Whoo-o-o!)  I love the waaay you move (I love the way you move) I love the waaay you move (Ooo you so sexy baaby!) (Whoo-o-o) I love the waaay you move I love the way, I love the way.  I like the waaay you move I like the waaay you move (Whoo-o-o!) I love the waaay you move I love the way, I love the way.  I love the waaay you move I love the waaay you move (Whoo-o-o!) I love the waaay you move I love the way, I love the way 
dracula's wedding-Outkast[SEP][Verse 1] You're all I've ever wanted, but I'm terrified of you See my castle may be haunted, but I'm terrified of you I've cast my spell on millions, but I'm terrified of you Baby I do this from the ceiling, but I'm terrified of you  [Bridge] I wait my whole life to bite the right one Then you come along and that freaks me out So I'm frightened... Dracula's wedding  [Verse 2] I've never ran from no one, but I'm terrified of you See my heartbeat is a slow one, but I'm terrified of you I've been around for ages, but I'm terrified of you Put my fang across the stage, but I'm terrified of you.  [Bridge] You know I'm terrifed of you [x3] Here she comes  [Kelis] Give me the chance to dance romance Don't run, I'm not the sun So much at stake... oh! Bad choice of words But I'm not the gun with silver bullets And I can count, 1, 2, 3, plus I make great peanut butter And jelly sandwiches... Van Helsing  For richer or poorer, through sickness and in health Til death do us part Til death do us part You only live once Well, not in our case because we live forever. 
spottieottiedopaliscious-Outkast[SEP][Hook] Damn damn damn James  [Pat Brown] Dickie shorts & Lincoln's clean leanin' checking out the scene Gangsta boys Bigga's lit ridin' out talkin' shit Nigga where you wanna go? You know the club don't close 'til four let's party 'til we can't no more Watch out here come the folks  [Dre] As the plot thickens it gives me the dickens Reminiscent of Charles a li'l disco-tech nestled in the ghettoes of Niggaville, USA via Atlanta, Georgia a li'l spot where young men & young women go to experience they first li'l taste of the nightlife Me? Well I've never been there, well perhaps once But I was so engulfed in the Old "E" I never made it to the door you speak of hard core while the DJ sweatin' out all the problems and the troubles of the day While this fine bow-legged girl fine as all outdoors lulls lukewarm lullabies in your left ear competing with "Set it Off," in the right But it all blends perfectly let the liquor tell it "Hey hey look baby they playin' our song" And the crowd goes wild as if Holyfield has just won the fight But in actuality it's only about 3 A.M. and three niggas just don' got hauled off in the ambulance [sliced up] two niggas don' start bustin' [wham wham] and one nigga don' took his shirt off talkin' 'bout "Now who else wanna fuck with Hollywood Court?" It's just my interpretation of the situation  [Hook]  [Big Boi] When I first met my SpottieOttieDopalicious Angel I can remember that damn thing like yesterday The way she moved reminded me of a Brown Stallion horse with skates on smooth like a hot comb on nappy ass hair I walked up on her & was almost paralyzed her neck was smelling sweeter than a plate of yams with extra syrup eyes beaming like four karats apiece just blindin' a nigga felt like I chiefed a whole O of that Presidential My heart was beating so damn fast never knowing this moment would bring another life into this world Funny how shit come together sometimes [ya dig] One moment you frequent the booty clubs & the next four years you & somebody's daughter raisin' y'all own young'n now that's a beautiful thang that's if you're on top of your game and man enough to handle real life situations [that is] Can't gamble feeding baby on that dope money might not always be sufficient but the United Parcel Service & the people at the Post Office didn't call you back because you had cloudy piss So now you back in the trap just that, trapped Go on and marinate on that for a minute 
synthesizer-Outkast[SEP][Intro: Andre Benjamin and George Clinton (singing)]  Everybody's got opinions on the way you're living But see they can't fill your shoes Life is made of half illusion (illusion) Forty percent confusion (confusion) Whatever's left I'm using to keep myself from losing, yea You don't know what I've been through (oooh) Hell I might go through you (ghetto boy that, won't eat, tonight) Uh-oh, oh no-oahohh (that little boy just wanna eat tonight) Hey hey (he scuffles with her booty and her face) hey hey And mm-mmmmmm (mom I'm seekin that sir tea and some soup yea) All in all it's all in my head  [Verse One: Big Boi]  You know it's that high guy, from East P.I. Spittin the realness of reality, you mad at me boi how you gonna handle me? You want me to lolligag and talk that bullshit? I refuse to play so I'm gon' speak that Southern good shit That harder than yo' hood shit, lil' shit that make y'all niggaz think about the trigger before you pull it, on liquor stores and banks Them folks got more than enough bullets to put that ass off in the slang, don't claim no gang, we the niggaz that did that "Ain't No Thang But a Chicken Wang" But still though, how you gonna play a nigga like dildo We OutKast til it's over, barbeque and never mildo For real bro  "In tonight's news, 20th century technology: has the computer age, scientists, and doctors gone too far? Einstein or Frankenstein? Dr. Scholl's, or Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde? Are we digging into new ground, or digging our own graves?  Story at 11"  [Verse Two: George Clinton]  Valley girls are horny tonight (synthesizer) Fuzzy logic, their pubic virginity (synthesizer) Ooooh oooh ooh .. (synthesizer) Ooooh oooh ooh .. (synthesizer)  Conceived under the influence of toxic wasted doctors Computer buggin debuggin device-a and vice versa and various viruses Performing with laser light precision and verbal incision For a lingustic ballistic lobotomy Mind-fuckin you, a psycho-sodomy of the medula oblongata Accept your mind down your spine and out your behind Fuck you  [Verse Three: Andre Benjamin]  Synthesizer, microwave me Give me a drug so I can make seven babies Pump my breasts up, can you suck the fat up Please make my life appear like ain't no such thing as bad luck My, nose ain't right Like I need a new one Just take your pick, a yellow red A black or a blue one Virtual reality, virtual, BULLSHIT Synthesizer preachers can reach you up in the pulpit Who a bitch? Give me my gat so I can smoke this nigga Tell his mamma not to cry because they can clone him quicker than it took his daddy to make him Niggaz bitin verbatim Thought provokin records radio never played dem Instant, quick grits, new, improved Hurry hurry, rush rush, world on the move Marijuana illegal but ciggarettes cool I might LOOK kinda funny but I ain't no fool Now if you wanna synthesize I emp-athize Now if you wanna synthesize I emp-athize But if you synthesize I will understand your synthesizer man  [Verse Four: George Clinton]  Ghetto boy horny tonight SCSI with a booty in a cage Problem sinkin down and stretchin out so sleepy, playing safe in cyberspace (synthesizer) Cybersexy Wendy (synthesizer) Web walkin in the nude Digital good time, digital good time Said she'd lapdance on your laptop while your laptop's in your lap Digital good time, digital good time Cybersexy Wendy Web walkin in the nude Digital good time, digital good time Said she'd tapdance on your laptop while your laptop's in your lap Digital good time, digital good time Digital good time, digital good time Cybersexy Wendy Web walkin in the nude Digital good time, digital good time Digital good time, digital good time Fuzzy logic, it's groovy.. 
bowtie (postlude)-Outkast[SEP]Oh baby, we really clean Really sharp I mean, in person, baby, in person! Ha, ha! Superfly, baby  Oh, around the world they talk about us Do you have any idea on how good it feel to be me right now? Oh yeah, I got them pink ones, too Oh yeah, but I know how to wear em though, baby Look, watch out! Them gaters goin' bite ya Watch out now!  Speakerboxx! 
player's ball (original version)-Outkast[SEP]Man, let me hear that, man You gon' pay at that?  Man, the scene was so thick: low-riders, seventy-seven Sevilles, El Dawgs, nothing but them 'llacs. All the players, all the hustlers. I'm talking about a black man heaven here. You know what I'm saying? Peace.  It's beginning to look a lot like what? Follow my every step Take notes on how I crept I's bout to go in depth This is the way I creep my season Here's my ghetto rep I kept to say The least no no it can't cease  So I begin to piece my two and two together Gots no snowy weather have to Find something to do better bet! I said subtract so shut up that Nonsense about some silent night I gots it crunk If it ain't real ain't right  I'm like no matter what the season Forever chill with Smith I sip my fifth I chill with Wesson Got my reasons So tell me what did you expect? You thought I'd break my neck To help y'all deck the halls  Oh no, I got other means of celebrating I'm getting blizzard at HoJo I got that hoochie waiting I made it through another year Can't ask for nothing much more It's OutKast for the books I thought you knew So now you know Let's go  All the players came from far and wide Wearing afros and braids kicking them gangster ride Now I'm here to tell you there's a better day When the player ball is happening all day every day  Hallelujah hallelujah You know I do some things more different than I used to 'Cause I'm a player doing what the players do The package store was closed Okay my day is ruined  This is ridiculous I'm getting serious I'm getting curious 'Cause the house is smelling sick The chitlins old as bitches  I make no wishes 'Cause I'm mobbing folk niggas in the back Getting tipsy Off the nog and high as hell off The contact smoke  They having a smoke out in my back seat They passing herb rewinding verses 'Cause it's in the air I hit the parks, I hit the cuts I'm making switches 'Cause I'm switching from side to side Looking for whores and snitches  I'm wide open on the freeway My pager broke my vibe 'Cause a junkie is a junkie three sixty five It's just another day of work to me The spirit just ain't in me Grab my pistol and my ounce See what them junkies gotta give me 'Cause it's like that, yeah  Forever pimping, Never slipping, That's how it is Check it!  All the players came from far and wide Wearing afros and braids kicking them gangster ride Now I'm here to tell you there's a better day When the player ball is happening all day every day  Ain't no chimneys in the ghetto So I won't be hanging my socks on no tip I'm fit as a tick Fix me a drink I got the remedy Some greens and that ham Not don't need no ham Hocks Don't play me like I'm smoking rocks  I got the munchies We got the Mary Jane in the Dungeon Just to let you niggas know 'Cause in ninety three that's how we coming So hoe hoe hoes Check my king ass 'fro The gin and juice has got me tipsy so on  It goes hit me ten And I'll serve you then now we bend The corner in my Cadillac my heart does not go pitty pat For no rat I'm leaning back my elbow's out the window Coke, rum and indo Fills my body Where's the party  We roll deep we dip to underground See's a lot of hoes around I spit my game while waiting countdown A five, four, a three, two, here comes the one A new year has begun, P Funk spark another one  All the players came from far and wide Wearing afros and braids kicking them gangster ride Now I'm here to tell you there's a better day When the player ball is happening all day every day  Here's a little something for all the players out there hustling, getting down for theirs. From East Point, College Park, Decatur, Da 'Briar. You know niggas worldwide, down for theirs.  All the players came from far and wide Wearing afros and braids kicking them gangster ride Now I'm here to tell you there's a better day When the player ball is happening all day every day 
d.f. (interlude)-Outkast[SEP][André 3000:] André 3000 A.k.a. Possum Aloysuis Jenkins A.k.a. Dookie Blossum Gain the 3rd Funk Crusader, Love Pusher Dungeon Family 1st Generation Here to drop the turd Go!  [Big Boi:] Antoine Andre Patton Sr Better known as Big Boi A.k.a. Daddy Fat Sax A.k.a. Lucious Leftfoot A.k.a. Billy Ocean A.k.a. Francis the Savannah Chitlin Pimp Dungeon Family 1st Generation Here to keep the "D" in D-Boi And still cooler than a polar bear's toenails Yeah  (Break!) 
mainstream-Outkast[SEP][Verse 1:]  Revolutionary, scary Thought provoking, spoken, Words of a chain I don't feel but I see, visions from me at twenty three making us free in my community one day is what I live for, ain't thinking about no hope no more I got my boots I kick it till I get with Adapt and overcome, oh hum hum Go get my gun, load up for fun, and put down with the frown What goes round comes round from M.L.K. to cascade I know its through them plenty figures cocaine dealers walk the wrong side up in they rides, looking cleaner then I seen them the last time Then selling dimes, now its quarter keys, stacking G's In the South Indies my nigga them folks riding bicycles among vehicles off in the hood Knowing each and every nigger sellin', but can you blame the fact the only way a brother can survive the game the block hard to get by the dope dealing, fatal killings in fair times so writing rhymes it ain't just the police we kill each other just lost another brother fast living will get you took, thinking it can't happen to you and then it do off crooked schemes its just a dream floating face down in the mainstream  [Chorus:]  Think it is when it ain't all peaches and cream that's why some are found floating face down in the main stream  [Verse 2:]  They swan divin' fit they name be thrashing an album go-kart rushin' to finish their album then you find them lost, dog paddling, back stroking, what done happened? be rhymin' catching the day when the recipe calls for black and wrong ingredients, maybe too much herbs and spices, maybe you got hungry for the wrong dish southern greens and this entice them how them joke the same so I'm gonna sing just like them to get where they at I'll even break my by back to touch their rim if I gotta My alta mater be that I follow I bite whatever that's looking tasty, water it down then swallow I hope you vomit, won't call no names cause that's not my job it just applies to whom it may concern you know who you are but if you don't you never will, you just receive the steel but then it might get ugly cause trust me niggas do feel the way that I felt when I wrote this, but we must stay in focus we kings and queens up in this thing, get rid of all them jokers face down, face down, face down  [Chorus]  [Verse 3:]  I let you stay in my crib, now you know where I live when you was hungry, fed you a hot meal, look at the hand you deal me crudball business giving niggers inches so here, take a foot luck only counts in rabbit's feet and horseshoes, experience is sometimes the best teacher until we get our own plate I hope you don't mind me eating off of yours, process momma moping like jerry meanwhile, fairies of the street tinkling pixie dust over greenery never to obtain another level of con-science only to test, to poke and see why laying here, they scheme over one another mouth to feed ??? with a decision to make, now words shake your destiny but a missle will take it all the way just as quick as you can say I wish I never did what I did now face this bid it was the company you kept, the many places you slept when you shouldn't have, geeking like a rat, jumping like a trap contributing to sin and your nigga bitch in the court showing paper thin got you niggers where they want you again, floating face down in the mainstream thats why, thats why, thats why  [Chorus]  [Verse 4:]  Everybody's a player, rubbin them kangols on their head thinking its all about your clothes, nigger its all about your self the way you feel about your life, the times that you done shared with your friends and family, up and down like hoes give head to dicks oh, six, serving them in the mix, but ain't no mystery you know the history about this clique bitch oh, what, you want me to call you slut? then why you fucking all them niggers letting them all up in your guts but see that AIDS I'm afraid that's why I play the quiet role I lay in the cut, every month thinking I'll let that fire roll like chimneys, and smoke signals, maybe peace pipes even my partners call me Big Boi and my first name is not Steven in the mainstream, home team banging them with these hits in the mix flowing like some motherfucking swordfish  [Chorus x4] 
a life in the day of benjamin andré (incomplete)-Outkast[SEP]I met you in a club in Atlanta Georgia Said me and my homeboy were coming out with an album You looked at me like "yeah, nigga, right" But you gave me your number anyway, you were on the talcum Powder, how's about them oranges? Moved away from home to school with big plans By day, studied the history of music By night, just to pay for that shit, you'd dance To get your pants was a Mission Impossible We were both the same age, but I Suppose wasn't on the same page, but in The same book of life, so I'd paged you when I felt you that were getting off of work Or either when you're on your way to school We started hanging like Ernie and Bert And in my idle head I'm thinking: "cool" Just when I think I'm going down your shirt You're hiking up your skirt now The events that followed had me volley if your hometown would be Heaven or hell The angelic nastiness you possessed made you by far the best Therefore hard to tell You'd dropped me off by the dungeon Never came in, but I knew that you were wondering Now are these niggas in this house up to something Selling crack sack by sacks so they could function? Well, yes and no Yes we were selling it But no it wasn't blow Cook it in the basement then move it at a show Then grab the microphone and everybody yelled "ho!" Meanwhile the video starts playing BET college radio and a van Packed full of niggas with a blunt in their hand And one in their ear You know what I'm saying But, I kept your number in my old phone Got a new chip flip with the roam roam So it took me a minute to retrieve 7 digits But I promised I would call you when I got home But, when I got home I never did By the time I did, heard that you had a kid By some nigga in Decatur Who replied see you later when he got the good news, that's life shit Now, I'm 19 with a Cadillac My nigga had a Lex with the gold pack Got a plaque but I'm living with my pop pop So I got Glock and a low jack You kinda fast for that fella in class who used to draw And never said much cause half of what he saw Was so far from that place you wanna be That words only fucked it up more follow me Are you starting to gather what I'm getting at? Now if I'm losing you tell me then I'll double back But keep in mind, at the time "keep it real" was the phrase Silly once said now, but those were the days When Spring Break, and Daytona, and Freakniks Made you want to drop out of college and never go back Move to the south, but that ain't a Kodak Moment, on went myself and Big Boi Well you knew him as Twan That's right, you were around before this shit begun When Twan had a daughter and Sort of was made to mature before the first tour We hit the road like jack Laughed and cried and drived it back with some Yak Girls used to say, y'all talk funny, y'all from the islands? And I'd laugh and they'd just keep smiling No, I'm from Atlanta baby He from Savannah, maybe We should hook up and get tore up and then lay down, hey we Got to go because the bus is pulling out in 30 minutes She's playing tennis disturbing the tenants 15-love fit like glove Description is like 15 doves In a Jacuzzi catching the Holy Ghost Making one woozy in the head and comatose, agree? Enough about me, how's about you? How's the lil' kid? She was about 2 the last time we spoke I hadn't smoked or took a shot of drink Cause I'd start the 2nd album off on another note Now, that note threw some niggas in the hood off But see I'd balled out, and before I fall out I'd Slow my Lac down to a nice speed The brain is that fried egg I might need New direction was apparent I was a child looking at the floor staring So changing my style was like release for the primitive beast Yes I was on the rise, yeast was the street To make bread - never primary concern Just to hop on these beats and wait my turn I'd meet Muslims, gangstas, bitches, rastas, and macaroni niggas, imposters So on a trip to New York on some beeswax I get invited to a club where emcees at And on stage is a singer with some thing on her head Similar to the turban that I covered up my dreads with Which I was rocking at the time When I was going through them phases trying to find Anything that seemed real in the world Still searching, but I started liking this girl Now you know her as Erykah "On and On" Badu Call Tyrone on the phone why you Do that girl like that boy you ought to be ashamed The song wasn't about me and that ain't my name We're young, in love, in short we had fun No regrets no abortion, had a son By the name of "7" and he's 5 By the time I do this mix, he'll probably be 6 You do the arithmetic We do the language arts Y'all stand against the wall blindfolded, we throw the darts To poke you in the heart And take you from the start To when luxury transportation meant a Marta card Or either when your girlfriend that went to Mays Momma or her daddy let her borrow the Benz because she's smart Or maybe if your neighbor does you a huge favor And he sells you that Rabbit that's been sitting in his yard You fix it up, you trick it out, you give it rims, you give it bump You give it all your time because that's all you can think about And that's as far as I got  And that's as far as I got, and where I wanted to go Knowing the whole time that's all you could think about Even though if you cut it off and start that bitch up You need a jump like you'll need and you'll want to grow And you change all the time so that Rabbit that you thought about That whole summer, the next summer you didn't want that Rabbit no more You wanted something bigger and better  So the summer past and now the Rabbit's old?  Right...right, so now you want a Cadillac... 
jazzy belle-Outkast[SEP][Verse One: Andre]  Yeah Oh yes I love her like Egyptian, want a description, my royal  highness So many plusses when I bust that there can't be no minus Went from yellin crickets and crows, bitches and hoes to queen thangs Over the years I been up on my toes and yes I seen thangs like Kilroy, chill boi because them folks might think you soft talkin like that, man fuck them niggaz I'm goin off and comin right back, like boomerangs when you throw em With these old ghetto poems, Bankhead is better for em When they can let they throw em, down from hitchikin and bitin niggaz until the temple they call the body, now everybody got it Had it, talked about it amongst they friends Comin around my crew lookin Jazzy, wanna pretend like you Ms. Goodie, Four-Shoes, even Bo knew, that you got poked like accupuncture patients while our nation is a boat Straight sinkin, I hate thinkin that these the future mommas of our chillun, they fuckin a different nigga every time they get the feelin to, I'm willin to go the extra kilo-meter just to see my senorita get her pillow on the side of my bed where no good ever stay House and doctor was the games we used to play but now it's real Jazzy Belle...  [Verse Two: Big Boi]  See what if you was a playa real playa not no slouch Havin the very best of life lots of steak and Perignon Smokin an ounce of weed yeah every single day was personal FreakNik Freakin these hoes in Polo clothes life as you conceived it but your conception, deception, lookin into your watch I see you weapon and it's depressin, they're diggin up in your thighs leavin deposits keep your closets open not your boots and drawers Hopin to get you sprung like bell-bottoms, steadily callin me Antwan cause you thinkin that you my lady bitch don't play me cause you're chanky I wanted to hit that ass but me and the Goodie we got danky So thank thee, you runnin that Southerplayalistic game You was the only one to blame, a nigga don't even know yo' name it's a shame, you crackin em up and fuckin a nigga like Tupac up I'm leavin these foes to be the flowers and wake don't get me see I gotta be feedin my daughter, teach her to be that Natural Woman Cause you'll be Waiting to Exhale while you other hoes be Dumb and Dumber, yeah you know what I'm sayin?  [Verse Three: Andre, Big Boi]  One two, yessss, ummkay, check this out right here now See me ain't no good, in the black on black 'Llac no star Windows are tinted so that no one knows who us are Talk bad about her nigga guaranteed to snap like bra Strap stickin together like grandma and grandpa-pa In this dog eat dog world, kitty cats be scratchin on my furry coat to curl, up with me and my bowl of kibbles and bits I want to earl, cause most of the girls that we was likin in high school, now they dykein *laughin*  Havin no mercy for the disrespect-ful ones, some be hangin around the crew lookin for funds, dumb deaf and fine, they be, askin me all about mine How she doin how she be, I know she's sippin that wine behind my back they skwak like vultures Off and On like Trendz of Cultures baby hey he, fakin it like these sculptured, nails But they can go to hell and lay with Lucifer Cause they burnin anyway, Big Boi user and abuser 
you're still the one-Shania Twain[SEP](When I first saw you, I saw love And the first time you touched me, I felt love And after all this time, you're still the one I love)  Looks like we made it Look how far we've come, my baby We mighta took the long way We knew we'd get there someday  They said, "I bet they'll never make it" But just look at us holding on We're still together, still going strong  (You're still the one) You're still the one I run to The one that I belong to You're still the one I want for life (You're still the one) You're still the one that I love The only one I dream of You're still the one I kiss good night  Ain't nothing better We beat the odds together I'm glad we didn't listen Look at what we would be missing  They said, "I bet they'll never make it" But just look at us holding on We're still together still going strong  (You're still the one) You're still the one I run to The one that I belong to You're still the one I want for life (You're still the one) You're still the one that I love The only one I dream of You're still the one I kiss good night  You're still the one  (You're still the one) You're still the one I run to The one that I belong to You're still the one I want for life (You're still the one) You're still the one that I love The only one I dream of You're still the one I kiss good night  I'm so glad we made it Look how far we've come, my baby 
...baby one more time-Britney Spears[SEP]Oh, baby, baby Oh, baby, baby  Oh, baby, baby How was I supposed to know That something wasn't right here? Oh, baby, baby I shouldn't have let you go And now you're out of sight, yeah  Show me how you want it to be Tell me, baby 'Cause I need to know now, oh, because  My loneliness Is killing me and I I must confess I still believe, still believe When I'm not with you I lose my mind Give me a sign Hit me, baby, one more time  Oh, baby, baby The reason I breathe is you Boy, you got me blinded Oh, pretty baby There's nothing that I wouldn't do It's not the way I planned it  Show me how you want it to be Tell me, baby 'Cause I need to know now, oh, because  My loneliness Is killing me and I I must confess I still believe, still believe When I'm not with you I lose my mind Give me a sign Hit me, baby, one more time  Oh, baby, baby Oh, baby, baby Ah, yeah, yeah  Oh, baby, baby How was I supposed to know? Oh, pretty baby I shouldn't have let you go  I must confess That my loneliness Is killing me now Don't you know I still believe That you will be here And give me a sign? Hit me, baby, one more time  My loneliness Is killing me and I I must confess I still believe, still believe When I'm not with you I lose my mind Give me a sign Hit me, baby, one more time  I must confess That my loneliness Is killing me now Don't you know I still believe That you will be here And give me a sign? Hit me, baby, one more time 
faith-George Michael[SEP]Well I guess it would be nice If I could touch your body I know not everybody Has got a body like you  But I've got to think twice Before I give my heart away And I know all the games you play Because I play them too  Oh but I Need some time off from that emotion Time to pick my heart up off the floor Oh when that love comes down Without devotion Well it takes a strong man baby But I'm showing you the door  ‘Cause I gotta have faith I gotta have faith ‘Cause I gotta have faith, faith ‘Cause I gotta have faith, faith, faith  Baby, I know you're asking me to stay Say please, please, please don't go away You say I'm giving you the blues Maybe You mean every word you say Can't help but think of yesterday And another who tied me down to loverboy rules  Before this river Becomes an ocean Before you throw my heart back on the floor Oh oh baby I reconsider My foolish notion Well I need someone to hold me But I'll wait for something more  Yes I've gotta have faith… Mmm, I gotta have faith ‘Cause I gotta have faith, faith, faith I gotta have faith-a-faith-a-faith  Before this river Becomes an ocean Before you throw my heart back on the floor Oh oh baby I reconsider My foolish notion Well I need someone to hold me But I'll wait for something more  Cause I gotta have faith Mmm I gotta have faith Because I got to have faith-a-faith-a-faith I gotta have faith-a-faith-a-faith 
careless whisper-George Michael[SEP]I feel so unsure As I take your hand And lead you to the dance floor As the music dies Something in your eyes Calls to mind a silver screen And all its sad goodbyes  I'm never gonna dance again Guilty feet have got no rhythm Though it's easy to pretend I know you're not a fool I should've known better than to cheat a friend And waste the chance that I've been given So I'm never gonna dance again The way I danced with you  Time can never mend The careless whispers of a good friend To the heart and mind Ignorance is kind There's no comfort in the truth Pain is all you'll find  I'm never gonna dance again Guilty feet have got no rhythm Though it's easy to pretend I know you're not a fool I should've known better than to cheat a friend And waste the chance that I've been given So I'm never gonna dance again The way I danced with you  Tonight the music seems so loud I wish that we could lose this crowd Maybe it's better this way We'd hurt each other with the things we want to say We could have been so good together We could have lived this dance forever But now who's gonna dance with me Please stay  I'm never gonna dance again Guilty feet have got no rhythm Though it's easy to pretend I know you're not a fool I should've known better than to cheat a friend And waste the chance that I've been given So I'm never gonna dance again The way I danced with you  Now that you're gone Now that you're gone Now that you're gone Was what I did so wrong So wrong that you had to leave me alone? 
need you now-Lady Antebellum[SEP]Picture perfect memories scattered all around the floor Reaching for the phone 'cause I can't fight it anymore  And I wonder if I ever cross your mind? For me it happens all the time  It's a quarter after one, I'm all alone and I need you now Said I wouldn't call but I've lost all control and I need you now And I don't know how I can do without I just need you now  Another shot of whiskey, can't stop looking at the door Wishing you'd come sweeping in the way you did before  And I wonder if I ever cross your mind? For me it happens all the time  It's a quarter after one, I'm a little drunk and I need you now Said I wouldn't call but I've lost all control and I need you now And I don't know how I can do without I just need you now  Oh, whoa Guess I'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all  It's a quarter after one, I'm all alone and I need you now And I said I wouldn't call but I'm a little drunk and I need you now And I don't know how I can do without I just need you now I just need you now Oh, baby, I need you now 
laughter in the rain-Neil Sedaka[SEP]Strolling along country roads with my baby It starts to rain, it begins to pour Without an umbrella we're soaked to the skin I feel a shiver run up my spine I feel the warmth of her hand in mine  Ooh, I hear laughter in the rain Walking hand in hand with the one I love Ooh, how I love the rainy days And the happy way I feel inside  After a while we run under a tree I turn to her and she kisses me There with the beat of the rain on the leaves Softly she breathes and I close my eyes Sharing our love under stormy skies  Ooh, I hear laughter in the rain Walking hand in hand with the one I love Ooh, how I love the rainy days And the happy way I feel inside  I feel the warmth of her hand in mine  Ooh, I hear laughter in the rain Walking hand in hand with the one I love Ooh, how I love the rainy days And the happy way I feel inside  Ooh, I hear laughter in the rain Walking hand in hand with the one I love Ooh, how I love the rainy days And the happy way I feel inside  Ooh, I hear laughter in the rain Walking hand in hand with the one I love Ooh, how I love the rainy days And the happy way I feel inside 
so long-James Brown[SEP]So long, hope we'll meet again some day Hope that maybe then you'll say "Darling, I was wrong"  So long, gee, I hate to see you go You're the world to me you know You've been mine, so long  All alone with my memories of you I can see that you're lonely too You're my own, even though we're far apart I will keep you right here in my heart  So long, so long Though you leave me here to cry This can never ever be goodbye We'll just say, so long  Though you leave me here to cry This can never ever be goodbye We'll just say, so long 
there was a time-James Brown[SEP]There was a day, there was a time When I used to play There was a time when I used to play But take me now, baby, don't worry about later Teach the dance I used to do They call it the Mashed Potato  There was a day, now dig this There was a day, they call it the Jerk Everybody relax and watch me work  In my hometown where I used to stay The name of the place is Augusta, GA Down there we have a good time We don't talk We all get together in time, for rhythm with you So come and walk  There was a day that I used to do The name of the dance They call it Boogaloo I may not do the dance as well as you But baby, you can bet your bottom dollar That you never hear me holler I do the best that I can do  There was a time, sometimes I dance Sometimes I dance, sometimes I clown But you can bet you haven't seen nothing yet Until you see me do the James Brown 
the bells-James Brown[SEP]There are four black horses With eyes of flaming red Their rovers are tied with ribbing All around my baby's head  The bells are ringing And their sail is going to sea  Yes I know why they're ringing They ring on for me Oh yea  I wish I could see my baby This can't happen to me No, ...  Baby please forgive me I know I've caused you pain I'll place your tears with diamonds Just to see your face again [Repeat]  Ashes into ashes Dust to dust Ashes into ashes 
chonnie-on-chon-James Brown[SEP]Well big bone Lizzy Old Aunt Fanny Everybody young Annie Havin' a party Yes havin' a party Well havin' a party Rock'n roll party tonight  Well went down town To see Aunt Maude She went out without her I got drunk over gin And didn't even know Where He Had Been Well havin' 'party Rock'n roll party tonight  Well went Chon, Chon Chon Chonnie-on - chon Chon chon chon, Chonnie-on - chon Chon chon chon, Chonnie-on-chon Chon chon chon, Chonnie-on - chon Chon chon chon A rock'n roll party tonight  Well we're havin' a party Yeah we're havin' a party We're havin' a party Well we're havin' a party We're havin' a party A rock'n roll party tonight  Well went chon chon chon chon... 
please, please, please-James Brown[SEP]Please please please please (please please, oh oh) please, please, please (please, please, oh oh) darlin please do oh oh yeah, I love you so (please, please, oh oh)...  Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, Darlin please Oh oh Oh yeah, I love you so.  I just wanna hear ya say: I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I Darlin please, doh –oh Oh yeah, I love you so... 
bewildered-James Brown[SEP]Bewildered, lost in a dream In the love I need why did we part Bewildered, has love, has love died dear Wishing your heart could feel, what's in my heart  Must I have sleepless night and endless days Oh love why did you keep my soul Without a spark, I'm in the dark  Bewildered, I need your, I need your I need your guiding hand I'll never, no I'll never understand  How you can love me, how you can love me How you can love me, how you can love me How you can love me and leave me Bewildered, bewildered 
strangers in the night-James Brown[SEP]Strangers in the night, exchanging glances Wondering in the night what were the chances We'd be sharing love before the night was through  Something in your eyes was so inviting Something in your smile was so exciting Something in my heart told me I must have you  Strangers in the night to a lonely people world Strangers in the night up to the moment When we said our first hello, how little did we know Love was just a glance away, a warm embrace's a dance away  Ever since that night we've been together Lovers at first sight in love forever It turned out so right for we were strangers in the night  Strangers in the night to lonely people world Strangers in the night up to the moment When we said our first hello, how little did we know Love was just a glance away, a warm embrace's a dance away  Ever since that night we've been together Lovers at first sight in love forever It turned out so right for we were strangers in the night We were strangers in the night  Didn't even know my name Don't even, don't even know my name I gotta have you just the same I gotta have you, I gotta have you just the same 
when a man loves a woman-James Brown[SEP]Some of these things happen to you When a man loves a woman  When a man loves a woman...  When a man loves a woman...  When a man loves a woman...  He is a part of his efforts...  When a man loves a woman...  When she is played for a fool...  When a man loves a woman...  Yes, when a man loves a woman...  When a man loves a woman... 
i want to be around-James Brown[SEP]I wanna be around to pick up the pieces When somebody breaks your heart Some somebody twice as smart as I  A somebody who will swear to be true As you used to do with me Who'll leave you to learn That misery loves company-wait and see  I mean, I wanna be around to see how he does it When he breaks your heart to bits Let's see if the puzzle fits so fine  And that's when I'll discover that revenge is sweet As I sit there applaudin' from a front-row seat When somebody breaks your heart Like you, like you broke mine 
that dood it-James Brown[SEP]Now here's a story about Reppy old jive Ooh my my, my honey and me I've been diggin' a those stories About the west of Kansas that had been told Me & my baby out out there Dig up a mass of gold The minute we found the bare treasure I looked up to see A great big old lady foot jiving looking Dead on me And ain't that Dood it You know, ain't that Dood it I can have no more eyes For diggin' up no more gold on  I grabbed what I had in one hand And my baby 'bout the other Against grabbed by coat tail and said Don't you go another farther I ripped of my coat when I was shaken insane But what really got my coat Was when I heard my baby scream Ain't that Dood it Ain't that Dood it 'Cause I ain't going nowhere And leave my baby there no  I put on my breeches and stopped dead in my trackes As much as I hated the idea I went crawling on back I said look here Mr. Giant As I raised slowly on one knee I'll do anything you say hand my baby to me Ain't that Dood it Ain't that Dood it He said you prefer to lose And I'll set your baby free no  I said I'll make you a proposition It's up to you to choose Just leave your money or your honey One of the two you'll have to leave I said Mr. Giant I want to thank you For taking the load off my mind But when it comes to choose between my money And my honey I'd take my money What am I saying I mean my honey every time Ain't that Dood it You know ain't that Dood it Now the Giant got the money And I got my honey And everybody's feeling fine no 
you've got the power-James Brown[SEP]I need you darlin' You've got the power to love Mmmmm, you've got the power in your hand You've got the power to make me Understand But oh, I want you to try me You've got the power to love Oh darlin'  I told you darlin' That I'll stand by your side Remember the day You made me cry Oh darlin', oh my little darlin' You've got the power to love  We belong together And darlin' you know I don't have to look no further 'Cause  You've got the power (Yes you have) In your hand (Yes you have) You've got the power (You've got the power) To make me understand (You've got the power) You've all I need (You've got the power) You're all I want baby (You've got the power) You're all I want baby (You've got the power) I say it one more time (You've got the power) Just wanna hear you say it (You've got the power) Make me feel so good now (You've got the power darlin') Make me feel so nice (And I need you) Make me feel (I need you) Let me hear you scream one time (I need you) A little bit louder baby (I need you) Let me hear you hold it one time (I need you) A little bit louder... 
why do you do me-James Brown[SEP]Why did it happen this way? Someone has taken my place No one to share my embrace Oh, why do you do me like you do?  I give my heart to you Like no one else could do I'm just-a lonely and blue Oh, oh, why do you do me like you do?  Way down inside me There is no one else but you, oh Deep down inside me There is no one else but you  I give my heart to you And no one else could do I'm just-a lonely and blue Oh, why do you do me like you do  Way down inside me There is no one else but you Deep down inside me There is no one else but you  I give my heart to you But no one, no one else could do I'm just-a lonely and blue, oh yeah Why do you do me like you do?  Yeah, yeah 
maybe i'll understand (part 1)-James Brown[SEP]I'm broken hearted It's my fault Treated my baby wrong Now I just got to talk But help me somebody I'm a man Help me somebody L believe she just don't understand I'm tryin' so hard Tryin' so hard I'm tryin' to do the best I can Oh yes I am  When I, I lay down I got my baby on my mind Yes I have When I, when I lay down I got my baby on my mind Oh yeah I think about the good things And the good times The way she made me feel so fine  I said I'm sittin' in the dark Right now And I know I don't need no light Oh yes I, oh yes I. yes I I'm sittin' all in the dark I want the world to know I don't need no light I don't need no light 'Cause I'm wondcrin' I'm wondering where she's gone And I'm wondenn' what What she's doin' tonight  And all I can say, all I can say Is help me somebody Help me understand Help me somebody I know that I'm not a man 'Cause I need her to hold my hand And maybe Maybe I'll understand... 
hold my baby's hand-James Brown[SEP]I don't mind, there's a way on ferry I don't mind, this load my baby make me carry I don't mind, everything would be so grand If I can hold my, my baby's hand  I don't mind, it's the way you fool me I don't mind, take all life to scoon me I don't mind, everything would be so grand If I can hold my, my baby's hand  Did you ever feel so low Did you ever feel so low Did you ever feel so bad And you mised all the fun That you thought you had When you feel so bad And you missed all the fun That you thought you bad Everything would be so grand If I can hold my, my baby's hand 
that's when i lost my heart-James Brown[SEP]Woke up this morning baby was gone Just so bad I was all alone I lost my baby That's when I, I lost my heart  She, she said she loved me What a way to take me Told her I wouldn't, I wouldn't understand I lost my baby That's when I, I lost my heart  (When I) I lost everything I had Baby went I lost you And you, you made me (you made me) feel so bad You just won't be true  Baby you are on my mind You're leaving me I don't feel so vague in mind I lost my baby That's when I, I lost my heart You know  (When I) I lost everything I had Baby went I lost you And you, you made me (you made me) feel so bad You just won't be true  Baby you are on my mind You're leaving me I don't feel so vague in mind I lost my baby That's when I, I lost my heart You know  That's when I lost my heart 
king heroin-James Brown[SEP]Ladies and Gentlemen Fellow Americans Lady Americans This is James Brown I wanna talk to you about one of our Most deadly Killers in the country today I had a dream the other night, and I Was sittin' in my living room Dozed off to sleep So I start to dreamin' I dreamed I walked in a place and I saw a real strange, weird object Standin' up talkin' to the people And I found out it was Heroin That deadly drug that go in your veins He says: I came to this country without a passport Ever since then I've been hunted and sought My little white grains are nothin' but waste Soft and deadly and bitter to taste I'm a world of power and all know it's true Use me once and you'll know it, too I can make a mere schoolboy forget his books I can make a world-famous beauty neglect her looks I can make a good man forsake his wife Send a greedy man to prison for the rest of his life I can make a man forsake his country and flag Make a girl sell her body for a five-dollar bag Some think my adventure's a joy and a thrill But I'll put a gun in your hand and make you kill In cellophane bags I've found my way To heads of state and children at play I'm financed in China, ran in Japan I'm respected in Turkey and I'm legal in Siam I take my addicts and make 'em steal, borrow, beg Then they search for a vein in their arm or their leg So, be you Italian, Jewish, Black or Mex I can make the most virile of men forget their sex So now, no, my man, you must (you know) do your best To keep up your habit until your arrest Now the police have taken you from under my wing Do you think they dare defy me, I who am king? Now, you must lie in that county jail Where I can't get to you by visit or mail So squirm - with discomfort - wiggle and cough (hack!) Six days of madness, hah! You might throw me off Curse me in name! Defy me in speech! But you'd pick me up right no if I were in your reach All through your sentence you've become resolved to your fate Hear now! younng man and woman, I'll be waitin' at the gate Don't be afraid, don't run! I'm not chased Sure my name is Heroin! You'll be back for a taste Behold, you're hooked! Your foot is in the stirrup And make -- haste! Mount the steed! And ride him well For the white horse of heroin Will ride you to Hell! To Hell! Will ride you to Hell! Until you are dead! Dead, brother! Dead! This is a revolution of the mind Get your mind together And get away from drugs! That's the man! Back! Back 
i'll go crazy-James Brown[SEP]If you leave me, I'll go crazy If you leave me, I'll go crazy 'Cause I love you, love you Oh, I love you too much  If you quit me, I'll go crazy If you forget me, I'll go crazy 'Cause I love you, love you Oh, I love you too much  You've got to live for yourself Yourself and nobody else You've got to live for yourself Yourself and nobody else 
nature boy-James Brown[SEP]Sometimes I get a little lonely And sometimes I get a little blue  There was a boy A very strange enchanted boy They say he wandered very far, very far Over land and sea A little shy and sad of eye But very wise was he  And then one day A magic day he passed my way And while we spoke of many things Fools and kings This he said to me The greatest thing you'll ever learn Is just to love and be loved in return  The greatest thing you'll ever learn Is just to love and be loved in return Sometimes I get a little, a little, a little lonely  And sometimes, sometimes I get a little blue The greatest thing is just to love and be loved in return 
i got the feelin'-James Brown[SEP]Uh huh, uh uh I got the feeling Baby, baby I got the feeling  You don't know what you do to me People are heavy, down in misery  Hey, yeah, all right, ow Hey, hey, ah, good Lord  I got the feeling, all right  Baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby Baby, baby  I got the feeling, baby Baby, sometimes I'm up Sometimes I'm down My heart, I'm around the town  I'm level with the ground, baby I said level with the ground Well, baby, you treat me You treat me bad  No, no, I know No, you don't mean it now Sometimes, I roam But I'll be coming back home Sometimes I seem to be fly I just don't want you To say, "Bye, bye"  Hey, baby, uh uh... Waaah, baby I got that feeling, baby I have it, all right  Baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby Baby, baby  Come on a Come on now Oh, oh, oh, oh ... 
i'm your christmas friend, don't be hungry-James Brown[SEP]The story of Christmas is as old as time itself So believe me, brothers and sisters Let's not put none of that good soul talent on the shelf Have you been worried and lonely, and didn't know what to do? Come and take a few of these simple lessons from James Brown, me And you'll feel the same way, too  Ha, I do the Monkey, the Mashed Potatoes, whenever I'm blue Don't worry 'bout nothin', get some exercise And you can do the same thing, too You know the story, on Christmas morn' A sweet little baby boy was born Don't worry 'bout nothin' 'cause I'm your friend I'm your friend  Don't worry 'bout nothin' 'cause I'm your friend, I'm your friend Don't worry 'bout nothin' 'cause I'm, I'm your Christmas friend Don't be hungry 'cause I'm your friend, I'm your Christmas friend Hey, listen to me, don't be hungry When I'm in need, I dig talent to make my heart bleed It makes my heart bleed with blood as red as wine To dance is what makes me say I don't wanna cry  I've got the feeling, I'm soaking wet Get up! I'm in a cold sweat Alright now, alright now, I'm in a cold sweat I do the Monkey, the Mashed Potatoes, whenever I'm blue Don't worry 'bout nothin', get some exercise You can do the same thing, too You know the story, on Christmas morn' A sweet little baby boy was born Don't worry 'bout nothin' 'cause I'm your friend, I'm your friend I'm your friend, I'm your friend, I'm your friend  Don't be hungry, when I'm in need, I dig talent It makes my heart bleed It makes my heart bleed with blood and fire To dance is what makes me say, I don't wanna cry I got the feeling, I'm soaking wet Get up! I'm in a cold, cold... 
tell me what i did wrong-James Brown[SEP]Walked up to my baby Walked right up to my baby Tell me what have I done wrong I want to know that you still love me Have I been away too long  There something about you baby Something 'bout you baby That I just can't understand I want to know that you still love me Have I been away too long I phantom some other man  Hey let's have a mighty, mighty good time Hey let's have a mighty, mighty good time I want to know that you still love me Have I been away too long I am still a worry on your mind  Walked up to my baby Walked right up to my baby Tell me what have I done wrong I want to know that you still love me Have I been away too long 
try me-James Brown[SEP]Try me (try me) Try me (try me) Darlin' tell me I need you  Try me (try me) Try me (try me) And your love will always be true Oh I need you (I need you)  Hold me (hold me) Hold me (hold me) I want you right here by my side  Hold me (hold me) Hold me (hold me) And your love we won't hide Oh I need you (I need you) Ooh...  Oh I need you (I need you)  Oh oh walk with me (walk with me) Talk with me (talk with me) I want you to stop my heart from crying  Walk with me (walk with me) Talk with me (talk with me) And your love stops my heart from dying Oh I need you (I need you hoo hoo) 
love don't love nobody-James Brown[SEP]We'll talk about love, it's a talk about shame Talk about love I hate that name Love don't love poor me at all Love is the cause of my downfall  Love don't love Love don't love Love don't love nobody  Love is fine it's from inside side Love bit me wrong and how I cried Love made baby, you put me down And now the news is all over town  Love don't love Love don't love Love don't love nobody  Well! I'll get someone who's better than me They can be smart and tall as a tree All I wanna do is rock at home Love's the proposition from now on!  Love don't love Love don't love Love don't love nobody  We'll talk about love, it's a talk about shame Talk about love I hate that name Love don't love poor me at all Love is the cause of my downfall  Love don't love Love don't love Love don't love nobody  Love is fine it's from inside side Love bit me wrong and how I cried Love made baby, you put me down And now the news is all over town  Love don't love Love don't love Love don't love nobody 
tell me what you're gonna do-James Brown[SEP]Tell me what you gonna do, yeah I wanna hold your hand I wanna love, love And make you understand  Tell me what you gonna do, hey And when [?] Don't cry, sigh Don't ever die  I said, you don't love nobody And you don't need nobody You don't want nobody But you always pickin' on me  Tell me what you gonna do And when walk you home You wanna love, love Then leave me all alone  I said, you don't love nobody And you don't need nobody You don't want nobody But you always pickin' on me  Tell me what you gonna do And when walk you home You wanna love, love Then leave me all alone 
i got you (i feel good)-James Brown[SEP]Wo! I feel good, I knew that I would, now I feel good, I knew that I would, now So good, so good, I got you  Wo! I feel nice, like sugar and spice I feel nice, like sugar and spice So nice, so nice, I got you  [Sax, two licks to bridge]  When I hold you in my arms I know that I can do no wrong and when I hold you in my arms My love won't do you no harm  and I feel nice, like sugar and spice I feel nice, like sugar and spice So nice, so nice, I got you  [Sax, two licks to bridge]  When I hold you in my arms I know that I can't do no wrong and when I hold you in my arms My love can't do me no harm  and I feel nice, like sugar and spice I feel nice, like sugar and spice So nice, so nice, well I got you  Wo! I feel good, I knew that I would, now I feel good, I knew that I would So good, so good, 'cause I got you So good, so good, 'cause I got you So good, so good, 'cause I got you  [End lick]  [Short pause, drum cue]  Hey! Oh yeah-a... 
stagger lee-James Brown[SEP]The night was clear and the moon was yellow And the leaves came tumbling down  I was standing on the corner when I heard my bulldog bark He was barkin' at the two men who were gamblin' in the dark It was Stagger Lee and Billy, two men who gambled late Stagger Lee threw seven, Billy swore that he threw eight  Stagger Lee told Billy, "I can't let you go with that" "You have won all my money and my brand new stetson hat" Stagger Lee started off goin' down that railroad track He said "I can't get you Billy but don't be here when I come back"  Stagger Lee went home and he got his forty-four Said "I'm goin' to the barroom just to pay that debt I owe" Stagger Lee went to the barroom and he stood across the barroom door He said "Nobody move" and he pulled his forty-four  Stagger Lee shot Billy, oh he shot that poor boy so bad Till the bullet came through Billy and it broke the bartender's glass 
no, no, no, no-James Brown[SEP]Well don't leave my baby no, no, no, no Don't leave my baby no, no, no, no Don't leave my baby no. no, no, no Don't go, don't go, don't go  Don't quit me baby no, no, no, no Don't quit me baby no, no, no, no Don't lie, fool with my baby Don't quit me baby no, no, no, no Don't quit me baby no, no, no  I've been shook, I've been loved I've been laid in my grave Told my friends my best pals Don't ever let you catch with my gal 
begging, begging-James Brown[SEP]Won't even write, won't even call You won't let me nothing at all And now I'm begging, begging Love nobody but you  You made me love you right from the start And my baby you was gonna break my heart And now I'm begging, begging Love nobody but you  Oh baby you made me love you And you keep my heart in pain Oh baby there's no-one above you And I wonder will we ever, ever love again  I know I loved you right from the start And that's why you, you broke my heart And now I'm begging, begging Love nobody but you  Oh baby you made me love you And you keep my heart in pain Oh baby there's no-one above you And I wonder will we ever, ever love again  You made me love you right from the start And my baby you was gonna break my heart I know why you, you broke my heart And now I'm begging, begging Love nobody but you No-one but you 
i can't stand myself (when you touch me), pt. 1-James Brown[SEP]When you touch me When you touch me Good God  When you touch me Lookie here I can't stand it Can't stand it I can't stand your love I can't stand your love  You don't love nobody else Get back; I can't stand myself Can't stand your love Good God  Early in the morning Can't get it right Had a little time With my baby last night  Early in the morning Gotta do the walk My baby, just let me talk  When you touch me, good God When you touch me, all right Come on, baby, hold my hand Just want you to know I'm a soul man  Can't stand it Can't stand it Can't stand it; lookie here  Can't stand it, baby Can't stand it Can't stand your love Can't stand it I can't stand your love  Lookie here, baby What you want me to do? Baby, what you want me to do? You made me, made me love you  You give me fever; my body's wet You give me fever, break out In a cold sweat  Baby, good God Baby, lookie here Sometimes I want you Sometime I call Sometimes I ring so hard  Come on, good God Baby, lookie here Can't stand your love Can't stand your love Can't try your love Can't stand your love  I can't stand it I can't stand it, good God Can't stand it, all right I can't stand it, all right  Bass, lookie here Bass, Tim Help me out, Tim Show me how you work a little bit, Tim  Good God, Good God All right... can't stand it Wait a minute, Tim Let me get this whole thing together over here Can't stand it... 
think-James Brown[SEP]Heeeyow Think about the sacrifices that I made for you Think about the good things I done for you Now think of all the bad things I tried not to do baby baby Think of all the wrong things you did to me too. come on Think~about the good things baby Think~about the wrong things maybe Think~baby about the right things Think~about the outta sight things Lady before you leave me realize I'm the one who loves you How much of all your happiness can I really claim How many tears have you shed for which I was to blame I I I don't remember what they brought I tried so hard to please you, at least that's what I thought, come on Think~about the good things baby Think~about the wrong things maybe Think~about the the things I wouldn't do Think~what I done for you Lady before you leave me realize I'm the one who loves you, heey Think of all the sacrifices I made for you Think of all the good things woo hoo Think of all the bad things I tried not to do  On reeee Think~babe about the good things Think~just sit on down and Think~just sit on down and Think~just sit on down Think~think think heey heey Think~just think on baby Think~if you getting tired Think~sit on down Think~sit ah Think~hey think~ hey Think~baby think~yeah Think about the sacrifices I made for you Think about the hard times I spent with you  Now Think~think baby Think~and don't you forget to Think~hey hey. never never never make me fret Think~think think Think~hey heeey Think~and don't you forget Think~how much of your happiness Think~can I really claim Think 
(just like) starting over-John Lennon[SEP]Our life together is so precious together, We have grown - we have grown, Although our love is still special, Let's take our chance and fly away somewhere alone,  It's been so long since we took the time, No-one's to blame, I know time flies so quickly, But when I see you darling, It's like we both are falling in love again, It'll be just like starting over - starting over,  Everyday we used to make it love, Why can't we be making love nice and easy, It's time to spread our wings and fly, Don't let another day go by my love, It'll be just like starting over - starting over,  Why don't we take off alone, Take a trip somewhere far, far away, We'll be together all alone again, Like we used to in the early days, Well, well, darling,  It's been so long since we took the time, No-one's to blame, I know time flies so quickly, But when I see you darling, It's like we both are falling in love again, It'll be just like starting over - starting over,  Our life together is so precious together, We have grown - we have grown, Although our love is still special, Let's take a chance and fly away somewhere alone. 
something just like this-Chainsmokers[SEP]I've been reading books of old The legends and the myths Achilles and his gold Hercules and his gifts Spiderman's control And Batman with his fists And clearly I don't see myself upon that list  But she said, "Where'd you wanna go? How much you wanna risk? I'm not looking for somebody With some superhuman gifts Some superhero Some fairytale bliss Just something I can turn to Somebody I can kiss I want something just like this"  Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Oh, I want something just like this Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo  Oh, I want something just like this I want something just like this  I've been reading books of old The legends and the myths The testaments they told The moon and its eclipse And Superman unrolls A suit before he lifts But I'm not the kind of person that it fits  She said, "Where'd you wanna go? How much you wanna risk? I'm not looking for somebody With some superhuman gifts Some superhero Some fairytale bliss Just something I can turn to Somebody I can miss I want something just like this I want something just like this"  Oh, I want something just like this Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Oh, I want something just like this Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo  Where'd you wanna go? How much you wanna risk? I'm not looking for somebody With some superhuman gifts Some superhero Some fairytale bliss Just something I can turn to Somebody I can kiss I want something just like this  Oh, I want something just like this Oh, I want something just like this Oh, I want something just like this 
tighten up-Archie Bell & the Drells[SEP]Hi everybody I'm Archie Bell of the Drells From Houston, Texas We don't only sing but we dance Just as good as we walk In Houston we just started a new dance Called the Tighten Up This is the music We tighten up with  First tighten up on the drums Come on now, drummer I want you to tighten it up for me now Oh, yeah Tighten up on that bass now Tighten it up Ha, ha, yeah Now let that guitar fall in Oh, yeah Tighten up on that organ now Yeah, you do the tighten up Yeah, now  I said, if you can do it now It sure would be tough Now look here, come on now Now make it mellow  Let's tighten it up now Do the tighten up Everybody can do it now So get to it We're gonna tighten up Let's do the tighten up You can do it now So baby, get to it  Look to your left now Look to your right Everybody can do it But don't you get too tight Come on and tighten up Let's tighten it up now Let's tighten it up now Tighten it up Do the tighten up Come and tighten it up Tighten it up now  Come on now, Billy Tighten it up Oh, yeah Sock it to me now Tighten it up Come on and tighten up that bass Oh, yeah Now look here I want that guitar To fall in on there Tighten it up now Oh, yeah Now tighten it up, organ  Now everybody tighten it up now Now look here We gonna make it mellow for you now We gonna make it mellow now Tighten it up You can get it Move to your left Move to your right Tighten it up now Everything will be outta sight Come on and tighten it up Tighten it up now You can do it... 
no man's land-Billy Joel[SEP]I've seen those big machines come rolling through the quiet pines Blue suits and bankers with their Volvos and their valentines Give us this day our daily discount outlet merchandise Raise up a multiplex and we will make a sacrifice Now we're gonna get the big business Now we're gonna get the real thing Everybody's all excited about it  Who remembers when it all began - out here in No Man's Land Before they passed the master plan - out here in No Man's Land Low supply and high demand - here in No Man's Land  There ain't much work out here in our consumer power base No major industry, just miles and miles of parking space This morning's paper says our neighbor's in a cocaine bust Lots more to read about Lolita and suburban lust Now we're gonna get the whole story Now we're gonna be in prime time Everybody's all excited about it  Who remembers when it all began - out here in No Man's Land We've just begun to understand - out here in No Man's Land Low supply and high demand - here in No Man's Land  I see these children with their boredom and their vacant stares God help us all if we're to blame for their unanswered prayers They roll the sidewalks up at night this place goes underground Thanks to the Condo Kings there's cable now in Zombietown Now we're gonna get the closed circuit Now we're gonna get the Top 40 Now we're gonna get the sports franchise Now we're gonna get the major attractions  Who remembers when it all began - out here in No Man's Land Before the whole world was in our hands - out here in No Man's Land Before the banners and the marching bands - out here in No Man's Land Low supply and high demand - here in No Man's Land 
half a mile away-Billy Joel[SEP]Little Geo is a friend of mine We get some money and we buy a cheap wine Sit on the corner and have a holiday Hide the bottle when the cop goes by Talk about women and lie, lie, lie Oh, my other world is just a half a mile away  Wait for mamma to turn out the light Crawl on the the roof and then hit the night I should be sleeping but tonight I just can't stay I've given everybody so much time Now I need a moment that's mine Oh my other world is just a half a mile away  It's just a half a mile away  Angelina save a place for me I've been livin' someone else's life and now I've got to be free Turn your transistor on and let the music play I try to keep the family satisfied But there's gotta be more to life than just try, try, try Oh my other world is just a half a mile away  It's just a half a mile away 
don't worry baby(from "my lives" compilation)-Billy Joel[SEP](This one's for Alexa, okay?)  Ah, ah ah, ah... Ah, ah ah, ah...  Well, it's been building up inside of me for, oh, I don't know how long I don't know why but I keep thinking something's bound to go wrong But she looks in my eyes and makes me realize and she says  (Don't worry, baby) Don't worry, baby (Don't worry, baby) Everything will turn out all right (Don't worry, baby) Don't worry, baby (Don't worry, baby) Ooh ooh  I guess I should've kept my mouth shut when I started to brag about my car But I can't back down now because I pushed the other guys too far She makes me come alive and makes me wanna drive when she says  (Don't worry, baby) Don't worry, baby (Don't worry, baby) Everything will turn out all right (Don't worry, baby) Don't worry, baby (Don't worry, baby)  She told me, baby when you race today, just take along my love with you And if you knew how much I loved you, baby, nothing could go wrong with you Oh, what she does to me when she makes love to me and she says...  (Don't worry, baby) Don't worry, baby (Don't worry, baby) Everything will turn out all right (Don't worry, baby) Don't worry, baby (Don't worry, baby) Everything will turn out all right (Don't worry, baby) Don't worry, baby (Don't worry, baby) Everything will turn out all right (Don't worry, baby) Don't worry, baby (Don't worry, baby) Everything will turn out all right (Don't worry, baby) Don't worry, baby (Don't worry, baby) Everything will turn out all right (Don't worry, baby) Don't worry, baby (Don't worry, baby) 
piano man-Billy Joel[SEP]It's nine o'clock on a Saturday The regular crowd shuffles in There's an old man sitting next to me Making love to his tonic and gin  He says, "Son can you play me a memory I'm not really sure how it goes But it's sad and it's sweet And I knew it complete When I wore a younger man's clothes."  Sing us a song you're the piano man Sing us a song tonight Well we're all in the mood for a melody And you've got us feeling alright  Now John at the bar is a friend of mine He gets me my drinks for free And he's quick with a joke or to light up your smoke But there's someplace that he'd rather be  He says, "Bill, I believe this is killing me." As a smile ran away from his face "Well, I'm sure that I could be a movie star If I could get out of this place."  Now Paul is a real estate novelist Who never had time for a wife And he's talking with Davy, who's still in the Navy And probably will be for life  And the waitress is practicing politics As the businessmen slowly get stoned Yes they're sharing a drink they call "Loneliness" But it's better than drinking alone  Sing us a song you're the piano man Sing us a song tonight Well we're all in the mood for a melody And you've got us feeling alright  It's a pretty good crowd for a Saturday And the manager gives me a smile 'Cause he knows that it's me they've been coming to see To forget about life for a while  And the piano it sounds like a carnival And the microphone smells like a beer And they sit at the bar and put bread in my jar And say, "Man, what are you doing here?"  Sing us a song you're the piano man Sing us a song tonight Well we're all in the mood for a melody And you've got us feeling alright 
everybody has a dream-Billy Joel[SEP]While in these days of quiet desperation As I wander through the world in which I live I search everywhere for some new inspiration But it's more than cold reality can give If I need a cause for celebration Or a comfort I can use to ease my mind I rely on my imagination And I dream of an imaginary time  I know that everybody has a dream Everybody has a dream And this is my dream, my own Just to be at home And to be all alone...with you  If I believe in all the words I'm saying And if a word from you can bring a better day Then all I have are these games that I've been playing To keep my hope from crumbling away So let me lie and let me go on sleeping And I will lose myself in palaces of sand And all the fantasies that I have been keeping Will make the empty hours easier to stand  I know that everybody has a dream Everybody has a dream And this is my dream, my own Just to be at home And to be all alone...with you 
last of the big time spenders-Billy Joel[SEP]Well if money makes a rich man Then I might never make the grade I'll be a small time operator If I just get the landlord paid But if time is an indication Of the wealth that I never knew Then I'm the last of the big time spenders 'Cause I've been spending time on you, woo oo oo woo  It takes time to appreciate Lord knows that you can learn to hate it I believe, 'cause I've been there too When it gets down to desperation You make the best of the situation I can tell, I've seen it thru, oh, oh, oh  Though it seems like the day is wasted And the nights have been overdue Well, I'm the last of the big time spenders And I've been spendin' time on you, woo oo oo woo  It's been so long since we got together In between it seems to take forever But I'm a dreamer, I'll be there soon  It takes time to appreciate All of those that you can learn to hate I believe, I've seen it thru, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  You can call me the Great Pretender And in a way it might be true But I'm the last of the big time spenders And I've been spendin' time on you, woo oo oo woo 
los angelenos-Billy Joel[SEP]Los Angelenos All come from somewhere To live in sunshine Their funky exile Midwestern ladies High-heeled and faded Drivin' sleek new sports cars With their New York cowboys  Hiding up in the mountains Laying low in the canyons Goin' nowhere on the streets With the Spanish names Makin' love with the natives In their Hollywood places Making up for all the time gone by  Los Angelenos All come from somewhere Cuz it's all so easy To become acquainted Electric babies Blue-jeaned and jaded Such hot sweet schoolgirls So educated  Tanning out in the beaches With their Mexican reefers No one ever has to feel Like a refugee Going into garages For exotic massages Making up for all the time gone by Hiding up in the mountains Laying low in the canyons Goin' nowhere on the streets With the Spanish names Makin' love with the natives In their Hollywood places Making up for all the time gone by  Los Angelenos All come from somewhere It's so familiar Their foreign faces 
somewhere along the line-Billy Joel[SEP]Well it's a rainy night in Paris And I'm sitting by the Seine It's a pleasure to be soaking In the European rain Now my belly's full of fancy food and wine But in the morning there'll be hell to pay Somewhere along the line  Sweet Virginia Cigarette Burning in my hand Well you used to be a friend of mine But now I understand You've been eating up inside me for some time But I know your gonna get me Somewhere along the line  Somewhere along the line Well I know it's just a matter of time When the fun falls through and the rent comes due Somewhere along the line  Well, you know I love my woman And I would not let her down And I did my share of lovin' When I used to get around Now I'm satisfied that she is lookin' fine But you pay for your satisfaction Somewhere along the line  Hey, it's good to be a young man And to live the way you please Yes, a young man is the king Of every kingdom that he sees There's an old and feeble man not far behind But it surely will catch up to him Somewhere along the line 
and so it goes-Billy Joel[SEP]In every heart there is a room A sanctuary safe and strong To heal the wounds from lovers past Until a new one comes along  I spoke to you in cautious tones You answered me with no pretense And still I feel I said too much My silence is my self defense  And every time I've held a rose It seems I only felt the thorns And so it goes, and so it goes And so will you soon I suppose  But if my silence made you leave Then that would be my worst mistake So I will share this room with you And you can have this heart to break  And this is why my eyes are closed It's just as well for all I've seen And so it goes, and so it goes And you're the only one who knows  So I would choose to be with you That's if the choice were mine to make But you can make decisions too And you can have this heart to break  And so it goes, and so it goes And you're the only one who knows 
josephine(2011 reissue bonus track)-Billy Joel[SEP]Didn'cha know what I mean When I said 'I love you Josephine'? Yeah Josephine Nothing I say does justice to you Or lights up the day the way that you do Josephine  Like a beautiful queen You deserve a crown My Josephine. Yeah Josephine Well I pick up the phone and give you a call You come around with your sneakers and all Josephine  Well Sit right back. Suppose I went away. Ah Honey Would your love turn sour and moldy green? Would I take from you the light of day? Would I make you sad My Josephine?  You arrived on the scene You made me glad I'm alive My Josephine. Yeah Josephine Well Nothing I say does justice to you Lights up the day the way that you do Josephine 
heartbreak hotel(from "honeymoon in vegas" soundtrack)-Billy Joel[SEP]Well, since my baby left me I found a new place to dwell It's down at the end of lonely street Heartbreak Hotel  I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I get so lonely I could die  And although it's always crowded You still can find some room Where broken hearted lovers To cry away their gloom  I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I get so lonely I could die  Well, the bellhop's tears keep flowin' And the desk clerk's dressed in black Well, they been so long on lonely street They're never comin' back  I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I get so lonely I could die  Hey now, if your baby leaves you And you got a tale to tell Just take a walk down lonely street To Heartbreak Hotel  You get so lonely, baby You get so lonesome You get so lonesome, you could die  Although its always crowded You still can find some room For those broken hearted lovers Cry away the blues  Get so lonely, baby Get so lonely They get so lonely, I could die  I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I get so lonely I could die 
it's still rock and roll to me-Billy Joel[SEP]What's the matter with the clothes I'm wearing? "Can't you tell that your tie's too wide?" Maybe I should buy some old tab collars? "Welcome back to the age of jive Where have you been hidin' out lately, honey? You can't dress trashy till you spend a lot of money" Everybody's talkin' 'bout the new sound Funny, but it's still rock and roll to me  What's the matter with the car I'm driving? "Can't you tell that it's out of style?" Should I get a set of white wall tires? "Are you gonna cruise the miracle mile? Nowadays you can't be too sentimental Your best bet's a true baby blue Continental" Hot funk, cool punk, even if it's old junk It's still rock and roll to me  Oh, it doesn't matter what they say in the papers 'Cause it's always been the same old scene There's a new band in town But you can't get the sound from a story in a magazine... Aimed at your average teen  How about a pair of pink sidewinders And a bright orange pair of pants? "You could really be a Beau Brummell baby If you just give it half a chance Don't waste your money on a new set of speakers, You get more mileage from a cheap pair of sneakers" Next phase, new wave, dance craze, anyways It's still rock and roll to me  What's the matter with the crowd I'm seeing? "Don't you know that they're out of touch?" Should I try to be a straight 'A' student? "If you are then you think too much Don't you know about the new fashion honey? All you need are looks and a whole lotta money" It's the next phase, new wave, dance craze, anyways It's still rock and roll to me  Everybody's talkin' 'bout the new sound Funny, but it's still rock and roll to me 
rosalinda(2011 reissue bonus track)-Billy Joel[SEP]Oh... Rosalinda Why do you cry? Oh... Rosalinda Could this be why? Now that there's nothing left to do Now that the children have all grown Now all you have is just a cat and a silent telephone  Oh... Rosalinda Why do you weep? Oh... Rosalinda Alone you sleep But the neighbors turn away What will it take for them to learn That all you want to do is love and To be loved in return?  Oh... Rosalinda We've gone away Oh... Rosalinda Still you stay Being what you've always been And doing what you've always done How can we give you back the time You gave to us when you were young?  Oh... Rosalinda Turn out the light Oh... Rosalinda Rosalinda. Say goodnight Now that the children have all grown Now that we've all gone away Now that you're sitting at your home Without a word to say 
52nd street-Billy Joel[SEP]They say it takes a lot to keep a love alive In every heart there pumps a different beat But if we shift the rhythm into overdrive Well, we could generate a lot of heat On Fifty Second Street Oh oh Fifty Second Street  We're gonna have a little show parade Before they know the second bar was played We're gonna slip it to 'em short and sweet on Fifty Second Street 
auld lang syne-Billy Joel[SEP]Should auld acquaintance be forgot, And never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot, And days of auld lang syne? And days of auld lang syne, my dear, And days of auld lang syne. Should auld acquaintance be forgot, And days of auld lang syne?  We twa hae run aboot the braes And pu'd the gowans fine. We've wandered mony a weary foot, Sin' auld lang syne. Sin' auld lang syne, my dear, Sin' auld lang syne, We've wandered mony a weary foot, Sin' auld ang syne. We twa hae sported i' the burn, From morning sun till dine, But seas between us braid hae roared Sin' auld lang syne. Sin' auld lang syne, my dear, Sin' auld lang syne. But seas between us braid hae roared Sin' auld lang syne.  And ther's a hand, my trusty friend, And gie's a hand o' thine; We'll tak' a cup o' kindness yet, For auld lang syne. For auld lang syne, my dear, For auld lang syne, We'll tak' a cup o' kindness yet, For auld lang syne. 
light as the breeze-Billy Joel[SEP]She stands before you naked You can see it, you can taste it But she comes to you Light as the breeze You can drink or you can nurse it It don't matter how you worship As long as you're Down on your knees  So I knelt there at the delta At the alpha and the omega At the craddle of the river And the seas And like a blessing come from heaven, For something like a second, I was healed, and my heart Was at ease  O baby I waited So long for your kiss For something to happen Oh - something like this  And you're weak and you're harmless And you're sleeping in you harness And the wind going wild In the trees And it's not exactly prision But you'll never be forgiven For whatever you've done With the keys  O baby I waited So long for your kiss For something to happen Oh - something like this  It's dark and it's snowing Oh my love I must be going The river is starting to freeze And I'm sick of pretending I'm broken from bending I've lived too long On my knees  And she dances so graceful And your heart's hard and hateful And she's naked But that's just a tease And you turn in disgust From your hatred and from your love And she comes to you Light as the breeze  O baby I waited So long for your kiss For something to happen Oh - something like this  There's blood on every bracelet You can see it, you can taste it And it's please baby Please baby please And she says, drink deeply, pilgrim But don't forget there's still a woman Beneath this Resplendent chemise  So I knelt there at the delta At the alpha and omega I knelt there Like one who believes And like a blessing come from heaven For something like a second I was cured, and my heart Was at ease  O baby I waited So long for your kiss For something to happen Oh - something like this 
the ballad of billy the kid-Billy Joel[SEP]From a town known as Wheeling, West Virginia Rode a boy with a six-gun in his hand And his daring life of crime Made him a legend in his time East and west of the Rio Grande  Well, he started with a bank in Colorado In the pocket of his vest, a Colt he hid And his age and his size Took the teller by surprise And the word spread of Billy the Kid  Well, he never traveled heavy Yes, he always rode alone And he soon put many older guns to shame And he never had a sweetheart And he never had a home But the cowboy and the rancher knew his name  Well, he robbed his way from Utah to Oklahoma And the law just could not seem to track him down And it served his legend well For the folks, they'd love to tell 'Bout when Billy the Kid came to town  Well, one cold day a posse captured Billy And the judge said, "String 'im up for what he did!" And the cowboys and their kin Like the sea came pourin' in To watch the hangin' of Billy the Kid  Well, he never traveled heavy Yes, he always rode alone And he soon put many older guns to shame And he never had a sweetheart But he finally found a home Underneath the boothill grave that bears his name  From a town known as Oyster Bay, Long Island Rode a boy with a six-pack in his hand And his daring life of crime Made him a legend in his time East and west of the Rio Grande 
scandinavian skies-Billy Joel[SEP]The sins of Amsterdam Were still a recent surprise And we were flying over Scandinavian skies  We climbed towards the sun We turned and cursed as one We pulled the shades And closed our eyes  The Stockholm city lights Were slowly starting to rise And we were strapped against Those Scandinavian skies  The landing gear came down And touched the Swedish ground And we were all so paralyzed  On the plane We were mainly sound and lights In the veins We could play the blues all night  The tour of Germany Was bleeding into our eyes And we were sailing over Scandinavian skies  We had the Midas touch Until we met the Dutch And they exhausted our supplies  Who's to pay? For this international flight Who could stay We were only there for the night We watched the power fall Inside the Oslo hall While all the cold Norwegians cried  Who could say What was left and where was right? By the way I could play the blues all night 
you may be right-Billy Joel[SEP]Friday night I crashed your party Saturday I said I'm sorry Sunday came and trashed me out again I was only having fun Wasn't hurting anyone And we all enjoyed the weekend for a change  I've been stranded in the combat zone I walked through Bedford Stuy alone Even rode my motorcycle in the rain And you told me not to drive But I made it home alive So you said that only proves that I'm insane  You may be right I may be crazy But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for Turn out the light Don't try to save me You may be wrong for all I know But you may be right  Remember how I found you there Alone in your electric chair I told you dirty jokes until you smiled You were lonely for a man I said "Take me as I am" 'Cause you might enjoy some madness for awhile  Now think of all the years you tried to Find someone to satisfy you I might be as crazy as you say If I'm crazy then it's true That it's all because of you And you wouldn't want me any other way  You may be right I may be crazy But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for It's too late to fight It's too late to change me You may be wrong for all I know But you may be right  You may be right I may be crazy But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for Turn out the light Don't try to save me You may be wrong for all I know But you may be right You may be wrong but you may be right You may be wrong but you may be right 
where's the orchestra?-Billy Joel[SEP]Where's the orchestra? Wasn't this supposed to be a musical? Here I am in the balcony How the hell could I have missed the overture? I like the scenery Even though I have absolutely no Idea at all What is being said Despite the dialogue There's the leading man The movie star who never faced an audience  Where's the orchestra? After all This is my big night on the town My introduction to the theatre crowd I assumed that the show would have a song So I was wrong At least I understand All the innuendo and the irony And I appreciate The roles the actors played The point the author made And after the closing lines And after the curtain calls The curtain falls On empty chairs Where's the orchestra? 
travelin' prayer-Billy Joel[SEP]Hey Lord, take a look all around And I'd a-find where my baby's gonna be. Hey Lord, would ya look out for her tonight 'Cause she is far across the sea. Hey Lord, would ya look out for her tonight And make sure that she's gonna be alright And things are gonna be alright with me.  Hey Lord, would ya look out for her tonight And make sure that all her dreams are sweet. Said now, would ya guide her on the roads And make them softer for her feet. Hey Lord, would ya look out for her tonight And make sure that she's gonna be alright Until she's home and here with me.  Hey, Lord would ya look out for her tonight If she is sleepin' under the sky. Said now, make sure the ground she's sleepin' on Is always warm and dry. Ummm, don'tcha give her too much rain, Try to keep her away from pain Because my baby hates to cry.  Hey Lord, would ya look out for her tonight 'Cause it gets rough along the way. Said now, this song seems strange is just because I don't know how to pray. Ummm, won'tcha give her peace of mind, And if you ever find the time Won'tcha tell her I miss her everyday.  Hey Lord, take a look all around And I'd a-find where my baby's gonna be. Hey Lord, would ya look out for her tonight 'Cause she is far across the sea. Hey Lord, would ya look out for her tonight And make sure that she's gonna be alright Until she's home and here with me. With me. 
touch me in the morning-Diana Ross[SEP]Touch me in the morning Then just walk away We don't have tomorrow But we had yesterday Hey, wasn't it me who said That nothin' good's gonna last forever And wasn't it me who said Let's just be glad for the time together Must've been hard to tell me That you've given all you had to give I can understand your feelin' that way Ev'rybody's got their life to live  Well, I can say goodbye In the cold morning light But I can't watch love die In the warmth of the night If I've got to be strong don't you know I need to have tonight When you're gone, till you go I need to lie here and Think about the last time You'll touch me in the morning Then just close the door Leave me as you found me Empty like before  Hey, wasn't it yesterday We used to laugh at the wind behind us Didn't we run away and hope That time wouldn't try to find us Didn't we take each other To a place where no one's ever been Yeah I realy need you near me tonight 'Cause you'll never take me there again Let me watch you go with the sun in my eyes  We've seen how love can grow Now we'll see how it dies If I've got to be strong Don't you know I need to have tonight When you're gone, till you go I need to hold you until the tie Your hands reach out and  Touch me in the morning Then just walk away We don't have tomorrow But we had yesterday We're blue and gold and we could feel one another living We walked with a dream to hold And we could take what the world was giving There's no tomorrow here There's only love and the time to chase it Yesterday's gone my love There's only now and it's time to face it 
ain't no mountain high enough-Diana Ross[SEP]If you need me, call me No matter where you are No matter how far Just call my name I'll be there in a hurry On that you can depend and never worry  No wind, (no wind) No rain, (no rain) Nor winter's cold Can stop me, babe (Oh, babe) baby (baby) If you're my goal  No wind, (no wind) No rain, (no rain) Can stop me, babe If you wanna go  I know, I know you must follow the sun Wherever it leads But remember If you should fall short of your desires Remember life holds for you one guarantee You'll always have me  And if you should miss my lovin One of these old days If you should ever miss the arms That used to hold you so close, or the lips That used to touch you so tenderly Just remember what I told you The day I set you free  Ain't no mountain high enough Ain't no valley low enough Ain't no river wild enough To keep me from you  Ain't no mountain high enough Ain't no valley low enough (Say it again) Ain't no river wild enough To keep me from you  Ain't no mountain high enough Nothing can keep me Keep me from you  Ain't no mountain high enough Ain't no valley low enough (Say it again) Ain't no river wild enough To keep me from you  Ain't no mountain high enough Nothing can keep me To keep me from you 
the tracks of my tears-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]People say I'm the life of the party Because I tell a joke or two Although I might be laughing loud and hearty Deep inside I'm blue  So take a good look at my face You'll see my smile looks out of place If you look closer, it's easy to trace The tracks of my tears I need you, need you  Since you left me if you see me with another girl Seeming like I'm having fun Although she may be cute She's just a substitute Because you're the permanent one  So take a good look at my face You'll see my smile looks out of place If you look a little bit closer, it's easy to trace The tracks of my tears I need you, need you  Outside I'm masquerading Inside my hope is fading Just a clown oh yeah Since you put me down My smile is my make up I wear since my break up with you  So baby take a good look at my face You'll see my smile looks out of place Yeah just look closer, it's easy to trace The tracks of my tears, baby, baby  Baby take a good look at my face You'll see my smile looks out of place Oh look a little bit closer, it's easy to trace The tracks of my tears 
cause i love you-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]Everytime I see you, baby, you make me feel so fine Let me tell you, pretty baby, I wish that you would be mine 'Cause I love you, mmh, 'cause I love you  I'm always thinkin', pretty baby, of a way that I could win your heart Let me tell you, pretty baby, I've wanted you from the start 'Cause I love you, don't you know that I love you  I've wanted you, darling, for as long as I can remember I know my love for you is true, not just a dying ember  Please tell me, pretty baby, 'cause I've wondered such a long time If you love me, pretty baby, I'll make your name the same as mine 'Cause I love you Don't you know that I love you Don't you know Doo, doo, doo, doo 
broken hearted-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]Broken hearted since we parted I don't go nowhere, but what do I care I'm just broken hearted since we parted  I'm so blue, baby, without you Yes, I don't have no one, ain't been havin' no fun Since you been gone, I can't go on I keep on cryin', my hope keeps dyin' Oh, I'm broken hearted, baby since we parted  Maybe you don't know it, girl So let me just remind you That I still love you, girl And I'm gonna find you But until, I hope that you Will leave the past behind you And come on and let me know That you've been so  Broken hearted, ooh since we parted Just say you will give me a thrill Come on, come on home Nevermore to roam I'm so broken hearted, baby, since we parted  I don't have no one I ain't havin' no fun 'Cause I need you You bet your life You bet your life I do So come on, come on, come on 
santa claus is coming to town-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]You know, you better watch out You better not cry You better not pout I'm tellin' you why Santa Claus is coming to town  And you know that he is makin' up a list And checkin' it twice Gonna find out who's naughty or nice Santa Claus is coming to town  He knows when you are sleeping He knows when you're awake He knows if you've been bad or good So be good for goodness sake Yeah yeah yeah  You better watch out You better not cry You better not pout I'm tellin' you why Santa Claus is coming to town One more time now  Santa Claus is coming to town (Santa's coming, Santa's coming) Old Saint Nicholas is coming to town (Santa's coming, Santa's coming) I'm tellin' all you kids now you better be good and watch what you do because er-uh (Santa's coming, Santa's coming) You know that Old Saint Nicholas is coming to town (Santa's coming, Santa's coming) 
abraham, martin & john-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]Anybody here seen my old friend Abraham? Can you tell me where he's gone? He freed a lot of people, but the good they die young I just looked around and he's gone  Anybody here seen my old friend John? Can you tell me where he's gone? He freed a lot of people, but the good they die young I just looked around and he's gone  Anybody here seen my old friend Martin? Can you tell me where he's gone? He freed some people, but the good they die young I just looked around and he's gone  Didn't you love the things they stood for? Didn't they try to find some good for you and me? And we'll be free Some day soon, it's gonna be one day...  Anybody here seen my old friend Bobby? Can you tell me, can you tell me where he's gone? I thought I saw him walkin' way over the hill With Abraham, Martin and John  And now they're all gone gone gone Hallelu... 
you must be love-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]You look as if you're softer than a rosebud And you're warmer than the sun that makes it grow Right now you're walking my way I'm gonna stop you and say I don't mean to be so bold But from the things that I've been told You must be love Oh huh you must be love, yeah  You look as if you're only out walking You don't even notice how I'm watchin' you Hey but the closer you come You make me feel more numb Ah-hah I can't say positively But from the feeling that you give me You must be love I do believe that you must be love, yeah  Oh love couldn't possibly be Anything that you're not I know that love couldn't possibly have Anything you haven't got  (You're walking my way, I'm gonna stop you and say) Oh haw, you may not be the love that I've heard about But if I had to choose between the two No question in my mind I'd take you every time Although love's been described to me And you fit the description to a 'T' so,  You must be love I do believe that you must be love I can tell by the way you make me feel I can tell 'cause the feeling is so real I do believe that you must be love 
i'll try something new-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]I will build you a castle with a tower so high It reaches the moon I'll gather melodies from birdies that fly And compose you a tune I'll give you lovin' warm as Mama's oven And if that don't do Then I'll try something new  I will take you away with me as far as I can To Venus or Mars There we will love with your hand in my hand You'll be queen of the stars And every day we can play on the Milky Way And if that don't do Then I'll try something new  I will bring you a flower from the floor of the sea To wear in your hair I'll do anything and everything to keep you happy, girl To show you that I care I'll pretend I'm jealous of all the fellas And if that don't do Then I'll try something new  I'll take the stars and count 'em And move a mountain And if that don't do I'll try something new  On the moon above I'll write it's you that I love And baby, if it don't do I'm gonna try something new  Oh, well if at first I don't succeed Try again is what I'll do Always trying something else Always trying something that's new 
ooo baby baby-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]I did you wrong My heart went out to play And in the game I lost you What a price to pay ooh I'm cryin'  Ooh ooh baby baby  Ooh ooh baby baby  Mistakes, I know I've Made a few, but I'm Only human, you've made Mistakes too I'm cryin'  Ooh ooh baby baby Ooh ooh baby baby  Oooooh baby baby Ooh ooh ooh ooh  I'm just about at the End of my rope But I can't stop cryin I can't give up hope Because I feel someday I'll hold you near Whisper I still Love you Until that day is here oooooh I'm cryin'  Ooh ooh baby baby Ooh ooh baby baby  Oooooh baby baby Ooh ooh ooh ooh 
my girl-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]I've got sunshine on a cloudy day, yes, I have And when it's cold outside don't you know I've got the month of May, oh yeah  I guess you'd say what could make A man say it feels this way  My girl, don't you know I'm talking 'bout my girl, yeah Trying to tell the world all about my girl (My girl, my girl) My girl (My girl, my girl)  I've got so much honey, all the bees have to envy me Don't you know I've got a sweet song Than any bird that sings in any tree Lord have mercy, now  I guess anybody, anywhere would have to say What on earth could make A man say he feel this way  My girl, don't you know I'm talking 'bout my girl, yeah Trying to tell the world all about my girl (My girl, my girl) All about my girl (My girl, my girl)  Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey Ooh, ooh  I don't need no money, I don't need no fortune Or no fame, no, no, no I've got all the riches, baby, that one man Could ever want to claim, yes, I am now  I guess anybody will have to say What on earth could make a man Come out and say he feel this way  My girl, don't you know I'm talking 'bout my girl, yeah I'm trying to tell the world all about (My girl)  Lord, have mercy, talkin', talkin' 'bout (My girl) Ooh (Talkin, talkin 'bout) (My girl)  Don't you know I'm talking about my girl, yeah 
everybody's gotta pay some dues-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]If ever I have a son in life, I'll call him in one day Sit him down upon my knee and here is what I'll say  You might lose your lover, people do sometime Oh, but it won't make sense for you to sit around cryin' Son, don't you know that when you fall in love Sometimes, you're gonna have the blues Well it may take years, but you're gonna she'd some tears 'Cause everybody's got to pay some dues, now, now Everybody's got to pay some dues  You might have money, yeah, and a big fine car It don't matter what you look like, no, no it don't matter who you are Son, don't you know you can't win all the time Sometime you're gonna have to lose Just as long as you live, you got to take as well as give 'Cause everybody's got to pay some dues, now, now Everybody's got to pay some dues  Whoa whoa whoa (Whoa whoa whoa) Yeah yeah yeah (Yeah yeah yeah) Yeah hea hea hea hea hea (Yeah hea hea hea hea hea) Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah (Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah)  Well now, everybody's got to pay some dues, yeah don't you know it now Everybody's got to pay some dues  Make no mistakes now son about the things I told you I don't want you to think, yeah yeah, that I'm tryin' to scold you Son because I know you got to fall in love sometime Be careful who you choose 'Cause it's sure my son before your life is done You'll find that everybody's got to pay some dues, yeah don't you know it now Everybody's got to pay some dues  (Dues, got to pay some dues, got to pay some dues) I've got to pay, he's got to pay You've got to pay and she's got to pay No matter what you do, I say There is gonna come a day When you gonna have to pay Cain't nobody get away from dues Yeah yeah yeah now 
doggone right-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]You make me feel just like I'm the luckiest man to ever live 'Cause all the love one man could possibly get, honey you gave In your voice, soft and low there's a little something That let's me know  If you took your heart and made it mine I would be true till the end of time Oh yeah, doggone right When I am sad oh you take the time to be concerned  It makes a man feel so good to know that his love is being returned Eenie meenie minie mo Love is a guessing game I know Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose  But I've got to win cause it's you that I choose It's you that I choose Doggone right, doggone right oh baby If you think I'm gonna stay let nobody take my love away  And your doggone right oh baby You brighten up baby each and every day that I have to face And if the sunshine don't shine You smile is there to take its place  Smooth and warm tender touch Letting me know that it means so much To be loved by somebody who is just as much in love with you Oh yeah, doggone right  When I am sad oh you take the time to be concerned It makes a man feel so good to know that his love is being returned Eenie meenie minie mo Love is a guessing game I know  Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose But I've got to win cause it's you that I choose It's you that I choose Doggone right, doggone right  Said you're doggone right, oh baby If you think I'm gonna stay Let nobody take my love away And your doggone right oh baby 
go tell it on the mountain-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]Go, tell it on the mountain Over the hills and everywhere Go, tell it on the mountain That Jesus Christ is born  While shepherds kept their watching Over silent flocks by night Behold throughout the heavens There shone a holy light  Go, tell it on the mountain Over the hills and everywhere Go, tell it on the mountain That Jesus Christ is born  The shepherds feared and trembled When lo! above the earth Rang out the angels chorus That hailed the Savior's birth  Go, tell it on the mountain Over the hills and everywhere Go, tell it on the mountain That Jesus Christ is born  Down in a lowly manger The humble Christ was born And God sent us salvation That blessed Christmas morn  Go, tell it on the mountain Over the hills and everywhere Go, tell it on the mountain That Jesus Christ is born. 
baby baby-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]Don't you know I'll never let you down No matter what you do Don't you know I'll always be around Just to take care of you  And baby, baby May our love always remain Baby, baby May our love never change Let no one take my place Ever baby  I'll be there to take away the pain Whenever you're hurt inside Surround you with the walls of happiness And dry the tears you've cried  And baby, baby When sorrow pounds your door Ooh baby, baby You can depend on me To love you that much more Baby, baby  And baby, baby Surely you can see Ooh baby, baby So much you up to me Love and ecstasy Feeling thrilling  Baby, baby Baby, baby Need you Love you 
oh be my love-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]Love's a puzzle, love's a puzzle Confusing as can be But work it out and you'll discover The beauty of love's mystery  Oh, be my love Come let the work begin Be my love Love's puzzle we can blend Be my love We'll fit the pieces in somehow  Jagged edges such as heartbreak Can drive you out of your mind They don't seem to fit But, oh, don't you quit cause They're part of love's design  Oh, be my love Come let the work begin Be my love Love's puzzle we can blend Be my love We'll fit the pieces in somehow  Oh, be my love Come let the work begin Be my love Love's puzzle we can blend Be my love We'll fit the pieces in come, now  Oh, be my love Come let the work begin Be my love Love's puzzle we can blend Be my love We'll fit the pieces in ooh 
a love she can count on-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]Everyday, I'm gonna love become what may 'Cause I know that there is nothing that means more To a woman than a love that she can count on Yeah oh oh oh oh ooh  Darling dear yeah (ooh ooh) Whenever when you need me I'll be here (ooh ooh) 'Cause I know that there is nothing that means more To a woman than a love that she can count on  Repeat after me now  I remember one day it come to me (I remember one day it come to me) The guy next door has money you see (the guy next door has money you see) Oh you know he buys his woman everything yeah (he buys his woman everything) Oh he buys her cars and clothes and diamond rings (cars and clothes and diamond rings) And although she may want the things he's buying (tho she accepts the things he's buying) What she needs is his love sometimes (really needs his love sometime) So baby I want you to see yeah (baby I want you to see) Oh that you can always count on me Yeah count on me to comfort you yeah (comfort you) When you start to feeling sad and blue (sad and blue) 'Cause I know that there is nothing that means more (Yeah I'm here to tell ya) To a woman than a love that she can count on (Nothing that means more to a woman) Yeah ask any woman about it (Nothing that means more to a woman) Yeah yeah tell you they can't do without it (Nothing that means more to a woman) I know that you know how precious this girl is And you know that I know my darling that there is (Nothing that means more to a woman) Yeah not in the whole wide world (Nothing that means more to a woman) 
you've really got a hold on me-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]I don't like you But I love you Seems that I'm always Thinking of you Oh, oh, oh You treat me badly I love you madly You've really got a hold on me (You've really got a hold on me) You've really got a hold on me (You've really got a hold on me) Baby  I don't want you But I need you Don't want to kiss you But I need to Oh, oh, oh You do me wrong now My love is strong now You've really got a hold on me (You've really got a hold on me) You've really got a hold on me (You've really got a hold on me) Baby  I love you and all I want you to do Is just hold me, hold me, hold me, hold me Tighter Tighter  I want to leave you Don't want to stay here Don't want to spend Another day here Oh, oh, oh, I want to split now I can't quit now You've really got a hold on me (You've really got a hold on me) You've really got a hold on me (You've really got a hold on me) Baby  I love you and all I want you to do Is just hold me (please) Hold me (squeeze) Hold me, hold me  You've really got a hold on me (You've really got a hold on me) I said you've really got a hold on me (I said you've really got a hold on me) You know you've really got hold on me (You know you've really got a hold on me) 
come on do the jerk-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]Come on do the jerk (come on do the jerk)  Come on do the jerk (come on do the jerk)    Everybody now gather around  Get hip to the new sensation  There's a brand new dance coming to your town  And sweeping across the nation    Come on do the jerk everybody (come on do the jerk)  I said, come on do the jerk everybody (come on do the jerk)    Now snap your back like a bullwhip crack  Now jerk your hip, let your backbone slip    You've done the monkey, you've done the twist  And the mashed potatoes too  The swim and the fly have all gone by  There's a brand new dance for you    Come on do the jerk everybody (come on do the jerk)  I said, come on do the jerk right now (come on do the jerk)    You've got to bob and weave  Come on bob and weave  And when you do  Let your neck snap too    Yeah, yeah, yeah  It's alright    Well now jerk children jerk (jerk children jerk)  Come on jerk children jerk (jerk children jerk)  Well now jerk children jerk (jerk children jerk)  Well jerk children jerk (jerk children jerk)    Well now jerk to the left and jerk to the right  Jerk all day and jerk all night  Jerk it hard and jerk it soft  Jerk your hands and arms right off    Come on do the jerk in the morning (come on do the jerk)  Come on do the jerk right now (come on do the jerk)  Now snap your back like a bullwhip crack  Now jerk your hip, let your backbone slip    Yeah, come on do the jerk right now (come on do the jerk )  Everybody come on do the jerk right now (come on do the jerk )  Jerk children jerk (jerk children jerk) 
such is love, such is life-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]You find someone and fall in love You learn to love them as much as life And then one day, somebody steals their heart away Oh, such is love, such is life Oh, such is love, such is life  You find someone that you love so much That to your heart their touch is life But one day you find that they gone and left you behind Oh, such is love, such is life Oh, such is love, such is life  Oh, love, love, love, love, love is strange And it's so hard to find someone who really cares And life, oh well now, life is strange And it's sometimes so hard to bear, yeah  You find someone who loves you so That to their heart your touch is life But you love another who loves some other Oh, such is love, such is life Oh, such is love, such is life 
a fork in the road-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]Beware Beware Beware  Seems like love should be easier to bear But it's such a heavy load (A heavy load) Worldwide traveler, you ain't been nowhere Till you've traveled down love's road  I know I may be just a stranger (Just a stranger) Lover, let me warn you there's the danger Of the fork in love's road  Beware The danger is there Ho, ho, ho (Danger)  One way is for those who go along That way tempts a girl like me Oh, but lovers don't try to make it on your own (Don't try it, don't try it, don't try it) You don't want the misery  Oh, oh, why didn't I see the sign Ooh, ooh, before I left my love behind At the fork in love's road  Beware The danger is there Ho, ho, ho  If there is some thing that you don't see eye to eye (Eye to eye) You better think before you tell your love goodbye (Goodbye) 'Cause your path may never cross again You make sure you take the same bend At the fork in love's road, baby  Beware The danger is there Watch the fork in the road You better beware (The fork in the road)  Beware (Beware) The danger's there (Beware) Woo, hoo, hoo (Beware) (The fork in the road)  The fork in love's road (Beware) You better beware (Beware) 
save me-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]Now I've cried a river since the day you said goodbye, mhmm And if you don't come back, I'm going to drown in the tears I cry, mhmm  Save me (save me) Save me (save me) Come on and save me (ooh save me) I need you so  Like falling off a mountain slope, I'm sinking down so fast (down so fast) Clinging to a twig of hope, that this separation won't last  Save me (save me, save me) Why don't you save me? (save me, save me) It's up to you to save me baby (save me) I need you so Ooh, yeah, yeah  Hmm, without you here beside me, I'm only half alive Hmm, stay away from me any longer and I can't survive, oh ho  Oh, save me (save me, save me) Why don't you save me (save me, save me) Only you can save me baby (oh save me) I need you so I'm asking you to save me (save me) I need you so Only you can save me, yeah (save me) I need you so Oh, save me, save me, save me 
the soulful shack-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]around the corner from my block there's a place with a private knock where i know we can really rock and they open at nine o'clock... most every night  now it's not a place that everybody knows about but once you get 'em in, it's hard to get 'em out... of the soulful shack, yeah, yeah  now people call it the soulful shack once inside you'll be dancing back it knda makes you feel out of whack, baby in the back you can grab a snack... at any time  now if you don't want to go i can't make you but if you do want to go i will take you... to the soulful shack, c'mon babe  c'mon everybody...just a soulful shack, oh i wanna ooh ooh  c'mon to the soulful shack baby don't you want to be included where the lover's sit is our chandelier and your privacy is never intruded because only the in crowd's allowed, yeah yeah only the in crowd's allowed yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah  i'd enjoy your company baby why don't you come with me oh how happy you could be? how happy? you get inside and see, oh yeah  now you're part of a special clientele who knows what's happenin' and knows it well it's a soulful shack, yeah yeah  'c'mon and go to the soulful shack'  baby don't you wanna go?  'c'mon and go to the soulful shack'  you'd enjoy it and i know  'c'mon and go to the soulful shack'  soulful soulful shack  'c'mon and go to the soulful shack' 
i've got you under my skin-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]I've got you under my skin I've got you deep in the heart of me You're so deep in my heart, you're really a part of me I've got you under my skin  I'd tried so not to give in I said to myself: this affair never will go so well But how can I resist when, darling, I know so well I've got you under my skin?  I'd sacrifice anything come what might For the sake of havin' you near In spite of the warning voice that comes in the night And repeats and repeats in my ear: Don't you know, little fool, you never can win? Use your mentality - stop your [?] and wake up to reality But each time that I do just the thought of you Makes me stop before I begin I've got you under my skin I've got you under my skin 
speak low-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]Speak low, when you speak love Our summer day withers away too soon, too soon Speak low when you speak love Our moment is swift, like ships adrift We're swept apart, too soon Speak low, when you speak low Love is a spark, lost in the dark too soon, too soon  I feel wherever I go That tomorrow is near Tomorrow is here and always too soon  Time is so old and love so brief Love is pure gold and time's a thief  I'll wait, darling, I'll wait The curtain descends and everything ends too soon, too soon  I'll wait, I'll wait, I'll wait, darling, I'll wait Will you speak low to me, speak love to me and soon... Will you speak low to me, speak love to me and soon... You gotta speak love when you speak to me Oh love, speak low 
it's christmas time-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]It's Christmas time And its magic is here It's Christmas time And its wonders up here  The scent of time Feels the Christmas seen in While the church bell chimes And there's joy everywhere  Some precious gifts Like the little ones eyes God' just bless it, lift Sings the weary and wild  This Christmas time Keep it's magic right here Within your heart Everyday of the year  Some precious gifts Like the little ones eyes God just bless it, lift Sings the weary and wild  This Christmas time Keep it's magic right here Within your heart Everyday of the yea 
and i love her-Smokey Robinson & The Miracles[SEP]I give her all my love That's all I do And if you saw my love You'd love her too And I love her She gives me everything And tenderly The kiss my lover brings She brings to me And I love her A love like ours Could never die As long as I Have you near me Bright are the stars that shine Dark is the sky I know this love of mine Will never die And I love her Bright are the stars that shine Dark is the sky I know this love of mine Will never die And I love her 
let me love you-Mario[SEP]Mmmm ..... Mmmmm.... Yeah....Mmmmm....Yeah, Yeah, Yeah Mmmm ..... Mmmmm.... Yeah....Mmmmm....Yeah, Yeah, Yeah  Baby, I just don't get it Do you enjoy being hurt? I know you smelled the perfume, the make-up on his shirt You don't believe his stories You know that they're all lies Bad as you are, you stick around and I just don't know why  If I was your man (baby you) Never worry bout (what I do) I'd be coming home (back to you) Every night, doin' you right You're the type of woman (deserves good thangs) Fistful of diamonds (hand full of rings) Baby, you're a star (I just want to show you, you are)  You should let me love you Let me be the one to give you everything you want and need Baby good love and protection Make me your selection Show you the way love's supposed to be Baby, you should let me love you, love you, love you  Listen Your true beauty's description looks so good that it hurts You're a dime plus ninety-nine and it's a shame Don't even know what you're worth Everywhere you go they stop and stare Cause you're bad and it shows From your head to your toes, Out of control, baby you know  If I was your man (baby you) Never worry bout (what I do) I'd be coming home (back to you) Every night doin' you right You're the type of woman (deserves good thangs) Fistful of diamonds (hand full of rings) Baby, you're a star (I just want to show you, you are)  You should let me love you Let me be the one to give you everything you want and need Ooh Baby good love and protection Make me your selection Show you the way love's supposed to be Baby you should let me....  You deserve better girl (you know you deserve better) We should be together girl (baby) With me and you it's whatever girl, hey! So can we make this thing ours?  You should let me love you Let me be the one to give you everything you want and need Baby good love and protection Make me your selection Show you the way love's supposed to be  Baby you should let me love you Let me be the one to give you everything you want and need That good love and protection Make me your selection Show you the way love's supposed to be  You should let me love you Let me be the one to give you everything you want and need Good love and protection(protection) Make me your selection(selection) Show you the way love's supposed to be yeah  [Mario (talking):] Let me love you that's all you need baby 
temperature-Sean Paul[SEP]The gal them Schillaci Sean da Paul So me give it to... so me give to... so me give it to to all girls Five million and forty naughty shorty Baby girl, all my girls, all my girls Sean da Paul say  Well woman the way the time cold I wanna be keepin' you warm I got the right temperature for shelter you from the storm Oh lord, gal I got the right tactics to turn you on And girl I wanna be the papa, you can be the mom  Make I see the gal them bruk out 'pon the floor from you don't want no worthless performer From you don't want no man they can't turn you on gal make I see your hand them up on ya Can't tan 'pon it long, naw eat no yam, no steam fish, nor no green banana But down in Jamaica we give it to you hot like a sauna  Well woman the way the time cold I wanna be keepin' you warm I got the right temperature for shelter you from the storm Oh lord, gal I got the right tactics to turn you on And girl I wanna be the papa, you can be the mom  Bumper exposed and gal you got your chest out but you no wasters 'cause gal you impress out And if you des out a me you fi test out 'Cause I got the remedy to make you de-stress out Me haffi flaunt it because me God Bless out, and girl if you want it you haffi confess out A no lie weh we need set speed a fi test the mattress out  Well woman the way the time cold I wanna be keepin' you warm I got the right temperature for shelter you from the storm Oh lord, gal I got the right tactics to turn you on And girl I wanna be the papa, you can be the mom  Gal don't say me crazy now, This strange love it a no Bridgette and Flava show Time fi a make baby now So stop gwaan like you a act shady yo  Woman don't play me know, 'Cause I no Fred Sanford nor Grady yo My lovin' is the way to go My lovin' is the way to go  Well woman the way the time cold I wanna be keepin' you warm I got the right temperature for shelter you from the storm Oh lord, gal I got the right tactics to turn you on And girl I wanna be the papa, you can be the mom  When you roll with a player like me, with a bredda like me girl there is no other No need to talk it right here just park it right here keep it undercover  From me love how you fit inna you blouse and you fat inna you jeans and mi waan discover Everything bout you baby girl can you hear when me utter  Well woman the way the time cold I wanna be keepin' you warm I got the right temperature for shelter you from the storm Oh lord, gal I got the right tactics to turn you on And girl I wanna be the papa, you can be the mom  Make I see the gal them bruk out 'pon the floor from you don't want no worthless performer From you don't want no man wey can't turn you on gal make I see your hand them up on ya Can't tan 'pon it long, naw eat no yam, no steam fish, nor no green banana But down in Jamaica we give it to you hot like a sauna  Well woman the way the time cold I wanna be keepin' you warm I got the right temperature for shelter you from the storm Oh lord, gal I got the right tactics to turn you on And girl I wanna be the papa, you can be the mom 
get busy-Sean Paul[SEP]Shake that thing Miss Kana Kana Shake that thing Miss Annabella Shake that thing yan Donna Donna Jodi and Rebecca  Woman Get busy, Just shake that booty non-stop When the beat drops Just keep swinging it Get jiggy Get crunked up Percolate anything you want to call it Oscillate you hip and don’t take pity Me want fi see you get live ‘pon the riddim when me ride And me lyrics a provide electricity Gal nobody can tell you nuttin’ Can you done know your destiny  Yo sexy ladies want par with us In a the car with us Them nah war with us In a the club them want flex with us To get next to us Them cah vex with us From the day me born jah ignite me flame gal a call me name and its me fame Its all good girl turn me on ‘Til a early morn’ Let’s get it on Let’s get it on ‘til a early morning Girl it’s all good just turn me on  Woman don’t sweat it, don’t get agitate just gwaan rotate Can anything you want you know you must get it From you name a mentuin Don’t ease the tension just run the program gals wan pet it Just have a good time Gal free up unu mind caw nobody can dis you man won‘t let it can You a the number one gal Wave you hand Make them see you wedding band  [Chorus] Yo sexy ladies want par with us In a the car with us Them nah war with us In a the club them want flex with us To get next to us Them cah vex with us From the day me born jah ignite me flame gal a call me name and its me fame Its all good girl turn me on ‘Til a early morn’ Let’s get it on Let’s get it on ‘til a early morning Girl it’s all good just turn me on  Woman Get busy , Just shake that booty non-stop When the beat drops Just keep swinging it Get jiggy Get crunked up Percolate anything you want to call it Oscillate you hip and don’t take pity Me want fi see you get live ‘pon the riddim when me ride And me lyrics a provide electricity Gal nobody can tell you nuttin’ Can you done know your destiny  [Chorus] Yo sexy ladies want par with us In a the car with us Them nah war with us In a the club them want flex with us To get next to us Them cah vex with us From the day me born jah ignite me flame gal a call me name and its me fame It’s all good girl turn me on ‘til a early morn’ let’s get it on let’s  get it on ‘til a early morning girl…it’s all good just turn me on  Yo, Shake that thing Miss Kana Kana shake that thing Yo, Annabella shake that thing Miss Donna Donna Yo Miss Jodi yu’r di one and Rebecca shake that thing  Yo shake that thing Yo Joanna shake that thing Yo Annabella shake that think Miss Kana Kana  [Chorus] Yo sexy ladies want par with us In a the car with us Them nah war with us In a the club them want flex with us To get next to us Them cah vex with us From the day me born jah ignite me flame gal a call me name and its me fame Its all good girl turn me on ‘Til a early morn’ Let’s get it on Let’s get it on ‘til a early morning Girl it’s all good just turn me on [x2]  Let’s get it on ‘til a early morning Girl it’s all good just turn me on 
to sir with love-Lulu[SEP]Those schoolgirl days Of telling tales and biting nails are gone But in my mind I know they will still live on and on  But how do you thank someone Who has taken you from crayons to perfume? It isn't easy, but I'll try  If you wanted the sky I would write across the sky in letters That would soar a thousand feet high To Sir, with love  The time has come For closing books and long last looks must end And as I leave I know that I am leaving my best friend  A friend who taught me right from wrong And weak from strong, that's a lot to learn What, what can I give you in return?  If you wanted the moon I would try to make a start But I would rather you let me give my heart To Sir, with love 
california girls-Beach Boys[SEP]Well East coast girls are hip I really dig those styles they wear And the Southern girls with the way they talk They knock me out when I'm down there  The Mid-West farmer's daughters really make you feel alright And the Northern girls with the way they kiss They keep their boyfriends warm at night  I wish they all could be California I wish they all could be California I wish they all could be California girls  The West coast has the sunshine And the girls all get so tanned I dig a french bikini on Hawaii island Dolls by a palm tree in the sand  I been all around this great big world And I seen all kinds of girls Yeah, but I couldn't wait to get back in the states Back to the cutest girls in the world  I wish they all could be California I wish they all could be California I wish they all could be California girls  I wish they all could be California (Girls, girls, girls yeah I dig the) I wish they all could be California (Girls, girls, girls yeah I dig the) I wish they all could be California (Girls, girls, girls yeah I dig the) I wish they all could be California (Girls, girls, girls yeah I dig the) 
do you wanna dance?-Beach Boys[SEP]Do you want to dance and hold my hand Tell me baby I'm your lover man Oh baby do you want to dance?  Do you want to dance under the moonlight Hold me baby all through the night Oh baby Do you want to dance? Do you, do you, do you Do you want to dance Do you, do you, do you Do you want to dance Do you, do you, do you Do you want to dance?  Do you want to dance under the moonlight Kiss me baby all through the night Oh baby Do you want to dance?  Do you want to dance under the moonlight Squeeze me, squeeze me baby all through the night Oh baby Do you want to dance? Do you, do you, do you Do you want to dance Do you, do you, do you Do you want to dance Do you, do you, do you Do you want to dance?  Do you, do you, do you Do you want to dance Do you, do you, do you Do you want to dance Do you, do you, do you Do you want to dance  Do you, do you, do you Do you want to dance Do you, do you, do you Do you want to dance Do you, do you, do you Do you want to dance 
how she boogalooed it-Beach Boys[SEP]Oh we was dancing in a really big city Got excited by the sound of a party Now my heart beat while the music was groovin' And if you wanted to you couldn't keep from movin' Look around do you believe what you seein' The walls are movin' the ceiling's a-reelin' Couples over in the corner romancin'  Oh the boys are with me to do some outta sight dancin' Gotta girl givin' me some lessons And now she's gonna be my confession Aren't you glad we found our way in here Put another record up on the player  Hey there's a stoned party dancin' with the police Don't have to worry about disturbing the peace Met a fine chick that really got to me Good Lord how she boogalooed to me Oh my how she boogalooed it to me Come on sock it sock it to me  S-O-C-K I-T to me 
hushabye-Beach Boys[SEP]Oo ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo Ah ah ah ah Oo ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo Ah ah ah ah Oo ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo Ah ah ah ah  Hush hush Hushabye Hushabye Hushabye Oh my darlin' don't you cry Guardian angels up above Take care of the one I love  Oo ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo Ah ah ah ah  Hush hush Hushabye  Oo ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo Ah ah ah ah  Hush hush Hushabye  Oooo oooo oooo oooo  Lullabye and goodnight In your dreams I hold you tight Lullabye and goodnight Til the dawn's early light  Pillows lying on your bed Oh my darling rest your head Sandman will be coming soon Singing you a slumber tune  Oo ooo oooo oooo ooo ooo ooo Hush Hush Hushabye Oo ooo oooo oooo ooo ooo ooo Hush Hush Hushabye Oo ooo oooo oooo ooo ooo ooo  Oo ooo oooo oooo ooo ooo ooo Ah ah ah ah 
no-go showboat-Beach Boys[SEP]No-go showboat no-go showboat (no-go showboat)  Well I got a wild custom that wins every show But it's a no-go showboat (no-go showboat) Yeah but everybody knows that she just don't go She's my no-go showboat (no-go showboat) White wall slicks with racing mags She's just for looks, man, not for drags 'Cause it's a no-go showboat (no-go showboat)  No go No go  Well the guys all dig it they've got no complaints About my no-go showboat (no-go showboat) And the chicks really flip for that metal flake paint On my no-go showboat (no-go showboat) It really rates fine in the custom clan With hand-formed panels, tuck-and-roll rear pan 'Cause it's a no-go showboat (no-go showboat)  No go No go  Well the engine compartment's filled with all chrome goodies In my no-go showboat (no-go showboat) Yeah but everybody takes me even old Ford woodies In my no-go showboat (no-go showboat) When it comes to speed, man, I'm just outa luck I'm even shut down by the ice cream truck 'Cause it's a no-go showboat (no-go showboat)  No go No go No-go showboat (no-go showboat) No-go showboat (no-go showboat) She's just my (no-go showboat) She's just my (no-go showboat) 
south bay surfer-Beach Boys[SEP]Look out here come those South Bay surfers California's gettin' hot There they go cruisin' down that coastline Lookin' for their favorite spot  We'll find the big one  Oh the boys are rough and Ready to handle anything  They take the big one  They've got to be the best thing going South Bay surfers really swing  Okay rock out  Oh Chicago can't you hear them Hear that shore pound slam  (You're gonna eat it) (Smash!)  It rumbles clear to New York City Detroit back to old Miam Philly back to Alabam  You'll catch them surfing 
surfin' u.s.a.-Beach Boys[SEP]If everybody had an ocean Across the U. S. A. Then everybody'd be surfin' Like Californi-a You'd seem 'em wearing their baggies Huarache sandals too A bushy bushy blonde hairdo Surfin' U. S. A.  You'd catch 'em surfin' at Del Mar Ventura County line Santa Cruz and Trestle Australia's Narrabeen All over Manhattan And down Doheny Way  Everybody's gone surfin' Surfin' U.S.A.  We'll all be planning that route We're gonna take real soon We're waxing down our surfboards We can't wait for June We'll all be gone for the summer We're on surfari to stay Tell the teacher we're surfin' Surfin' U. S. A.  Haggerties and Swamies Pacific Palisades San Onofre and Sunset Redondo Beach L. A. All over La Jolla At Wa'imea Bay  Everybody's gone surfin' Surfin' U.S. A.  Everybody's gone surfin' Surfin' U.S. A.  Everybody's gone surfin' Surfin' U.S. A. 
i get around-Beach Boys[SEP]Round round get around I get around Yeah Get around round round I get around I get around Get around round round I get around From town to town Get around round round I get around I'm a real cool head Get around round round I get around I'm makin' real good bread  I'm gettin' bugged driving up and down this same old strip I gotta finda new place where the kids are hip  My buddies and me are getting real well known Yeah, the bad guys know us and they leave us alone  I get around Get around round round I get around From town to town Get around round round I get around I'm a real cool head Get around round round I get around I'm makin' real good bread Get around round round I get around I get around Round Get around round round oooo Wah wa ooo Wah wa ooo Wah wa ooo  We always take my car cause it's never been beat And we've never missed yet with the girls we meet  None of the guys go steady cause it wouldn't be right To leave their best girl home on a Saturday night  I get around Get around round round I get around From town to town Get around round round I get around I'm a real cool head Get around round round I get around I'm makin' real good bread Get around round round I get around I get around Round Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah  Round round get around I get around Yeah Get around round round I get around Get around round round I get around Wah wa ooo Get around round round I get around Oooo ooo ooo Get around round round I get around Ahh ooo ooo Get around round round I get around Ahh ooo ooo Get around round round I get around Ahh ooo ooo 
that's not me-Beach Boys[SEP]I had to prove that I could make it alone But that's not me I wanted to show how independent I'd grown now But that's not me  I could try to be big in the eyes of the world What matters to me is what I could be to just one girl  I'm a little bit scared Cause I haven't been home in a long time You needed my love And I know that I left at the wrong time My folks when I wrote them Told 'em what I was up to said that's not me  I went through all kinds of changes Took a look at myself and said that's not me I miss my pad and the places I've known And every night as I lay there alone I will dream  I once had a dream So I packed up and split for the city I soon found out that my lonely life wasn't so pretty I'm glad I went now I'm that much more sure that we're ready  I once had a dream So I packed up and split for the city 
noble surfer-Beach Boys[SEP]Noble (ain't joshin') Surfer (ain't joshin') He's the number one man (he's movin')  The surfers call him "Noble" And that's just what he is He's dedicated to the mighty sea  Surfin' night and day Never twice in one spot He's somethin' you and I would like to be  Noble (ain't joshin') Surfer (ain't joshin') He's the number one man (he's movin')  Noble (he's movin') Noble (ain't joshin') Surfer (ain't joshin') He's the number one man (he's movin')  He's not afraid of body whop From ten feet or more He never backs away from a swell  Hurachis on his feet Bushy hair on his head And where he's going he'd never tell  Noble (ain't joshin') Surfer (ain't joshin') He's the number one man (he's movin')  Noble (he's movin') Noble (ain't joshin') Surfer (ain't joshin') He's the number one man (he's movin')  Noble (ain't joshin') Surfer (ain't joshin') He's the number one man (he's movin')  Noble (he's movin') Noble (ain't joshin') Surfer (ain't joshin') He's the number one man (he's movin')  A surfin' Cassanova With his customized board A Woody and his dirty white jeans  He takes his choice of honeys Up and down the coast The finest surfer yet to make the scene  Noble (ain't joshin') Surfer (ain't joshin') He's the number one man (he's movin')  Noble (he's movin') Noble (ain't joshin') Surfer (ain't joshin') He's the number one man (he's movin')  Noble (he's movin') Noble (ain't joshin') Surfer (ain't joshin') He's the number one man (he's movin')  Noble (he's movin') Noble (ain't joshin') 
don't hurt my little sister-Beach Boys[SEP]There she goes she ran in her room She'll probably stay in there the rest of the day It sounds like it must have been something you said You know she's awful used to getting her way  Why don't you kiss her (Why don't you kiss her) And while you kiss her (Tell her you miss her) Why don't you treat her (Why don't you treat her) Treat her nice  Don't hurt my little sister Don't hurt my little sister Don't hurt my little sister  You know she digs you and thinks you're a real groovy guy But yet I'm not sure that I feel the same We both know that you've been making her cry I hope you don't think it's some kind of game  Why don't you love her (Why don't you love her) Like her big brother (Like her big brother) Why don't you tell her (Why don't you tell her) Tell her you're sorry  Don't hurt my little sister Don't hurt my little sister Don't hurt my little sister  Don't hurt my little sister (Why don't you love her) Don't hurt my little sister (Like her big brother) Don't hurt my little sister Don't hurt my little sister Don't hurt my little sister 
girl don't tell me-Beach Boys[SEP]Hi little girl, it's me Don't you know who I am? I met you last summer when When I came up to stay with my grand I'm the guy-uy-uy who Left you with tears in his eyes You didn't answer my letters So I figured it was just a lie  Your hair's getting longer and your shorts Mmm they sure fit you fine I'll bet you went out Every night during ol' school time But this ti-I-ime I'm not gonna count on you I'll see you this summer And forget you when I go back to school  Girl Don't tell me you'll write-ite-ite Girl don't tell me you'll write-ite-ite Girl don't tell me you'll write me again this time  Hi little girl, it's me Don't you know who I am? I met you last summer when When I came up to stay with my grand Said I'm the guy-uy-uy who Left you with tears in his eyes You didn't answer my letters So I figured it was just a lie  Girl Don't tell me you'll write-ite-ite Girl don't tell me you'll write-ite-ite Girl don't tell me you'll write me again this time  Girl don't tell me you'll write me again this time 
surfin' usa-Beach Boys[SEP]If everybody had an ocean Across the U. S. A. Then everybody'd be surfin' Like Californi-a You'd seem 'em wearing their baggies Huarache sandals too A bushy bushy blonde hairdo Surfin' U. S. A.  You'd catch 'em surfin' at Del Mar Ventura County line Santa Cruz and Trestle Australia's Narrabeen All over Manhattan And down Doheny Way  Everybody's gone surfin' Surfin' U.S.A.  We'll all be planning that route We're gonna take real soon We're waxing down our surfboards We can't wait for June We'll all be gone for the summer We're on surfari to stay Tell the teacher we're surfin' Surfin' U. S. A.  Haggerties and Swamies Pacific Palisades San Onofre and Sunset Redondo Beach L. A. All over La Jolla At Wa'imea Bay  Everybody's gone surfin' Surfin' U.S. A.  Everybody's gone surfin' Surfin' U.S. A.  Everybody's gone surfin' Surfin' U.S. A. 
barbara ann-Beach Boys[SEP]Ah, ba ba ba ba Barbara Ann Ba ba ba ba Barbara Ann  Oh Barbara Ann, take my hand Barbara Ann You got me rockin' and a-rollin' Rockin' and a-reelin' Barbara Ann ba ba Ba Barbara Ann  Went to a dance, lookin' for romance Saw Barbara Ann, so I thought I'd take a chance With Barbara Ann, Barbara Ann Take my hand You got me rockin' and a-rollin' (Oh! Oh!) Rockin' and a-reelin' Barbara Ann ba ba Ba ba ba ba black sheep  Ba ba ba ba Barbara Ann Ba ba ba ba Barbara Ann  Barbara Ann, take my hand Barbara Ann You got me rockin' and a-rollin' Rockin' and a-reelin' Barbara Ann ba ba Ba Barbara Ann  (Let's go now!) (Ow!) (...) (..., Carl.) (Hal, and his famous ashtray!) (...) (You smell like Rocky. You're always scratchin' it.) (Hey, come on!) (Scratch it, Carl, scratch it, baby, right over there. Down a little lower. Down a little lower!) (Saw-- Tried--)  Tried Peggy Sue Tried Betty Lou Tried Mary Lou But I knew she wouldn't do Barbara Ann, Barbara Ann Take my hand Barbara Ann Take my hand You got me rockin' and a-rollin' Rockin' and a-reelin' Barbara Ann ba ba Ba Barbara Ann  Ba ba ba ba Barbara Ann Ba ba ba ba Barbara Ann Barbara Ann Take my hand Barbara Ann You got me rockin' and a-rollin' Rockin' and a-reelin' Barbara Ann ba ba Ba Barbara Ann  Barbara Ann, Barbara Ann Oh, Barbara Ann, Barbara Ann Yeah, Barbara Ann, Barbara Ann Barbara Ann, Barbara Ann You got me rockin' and a-rollin' Rockin' and a-reelin' Barbara Ann ba ba Ba Barbara Ann  (Let's try that again. One more.)  You got me rockin' and a-rollin' Rockin' and a-reelin' Barbara Ann ba ba Ba Barbara Ann  (Ha ha. Let's try it one more time.)  You got me rockin' and a-rollin' Rockin' and a-reelin' Barbara Ann ba ba Ba Barbara Ann  (Let's try it once more.) (One more time. More artistic flavor.)  One more time You got me rockin' and a-rollin' Barbara Ann Woah You got me rockin' You got me rollin' Oh, Barbara Ann  (Thank you very much, folks.) (Thanks, Dean.) (Yeah, it's not bad.) 
don't back down-Beach Boys[SEP]The girls dig the way the guys get all wiped out With their feet in the air you can hear 'em shout They're not afraid (don't back down, don't back down) Not my boys (don't back down, don't back down) They grit their teeth, (a-oo) they don't back down  Don't back down You gotta be a little nuts Don't back down But show 'em now who's got guts Don't back down Don't back down from that wave  With their feet full of tar and their hair full of sand The boys know the surf like the palm of their hand They're not afraid (don't back down, don't back down) Not my boys (don't back down, don't back down) They grit their teeth (a-oo) they don't back down  Don't back down You gotta be a little nuts Don't back down But show 'em now who's got guts Don't back down Don't back down from that wave  When a twenty-footer sneaks up like a ton of lead And the crest comes along and slaps 'em upside the head TheyÕre not afraid (don't back down, don't back down) Not my boys (Don't back down, don't back down) They grit their teeth (a-oo) they don't back down  Don't back down You gotta be a little nuts Don't back down But show 'em now who's got guts Don't back down Don't back down from that wave  Don't back down... 
lonely sea-Beach Boys[SEP]The lonely sea The lonely sea It never stops For you or me It moves along From day to day  That's why my love (oooo-oooo-oooo) That's why my love (oooo-oooo-oooo) You'll never stay (oooo-oooo-oooo) You'll never stay (oooo-oooo-oooo)  (Ooooooo) This pain in my heart (ooooooooo) These tears in my eyes (ooooooooo) Please tell the truth (ooooooooo) You're like the lonely sea (sea) Sea (sea) The lonely sea (sea)  (Lonely sea lonely sea) (Lonely sea lonely sea) Lonely sea  (Lonely sea lonely sea) (Lonely sea lonely sea) Lonely sea  (Lonely sea lonely sea) (Lonely sea lonely sea) Lonely sea 
bluebirds over the mountain-Beach Boys[SEP]Bluebirds over the mountain Seagulls over the sea-ea-ea Bluebirds over the mountain Bring my baby to me  A boy and a girl they once found love To each it seemed like heaven above He looked into her eyes and said Ooo wee baby you're so good for my head  Bluebirds over the mountain Seagulls over the sea-ea-ea Bluebirds over the mountain Bring my baby to me  Oh everyone in every land Please give me a helping hand If you see her all alone Oh tell my baby "won't you please come home?"  Bluebirds over the mountain Seagulls over the sea-ea-ea Bluebirds over the mountain Bring my baby to me  Oh bring my baby back I don't know why she's been so long But all I know is that she's gone Oh bring my baby back to me Well I'm in pain can't you see  A boy and a girl they once found love To each it seemed like heaven above I guess that's why we fell in love And now she's gone and all I have to say is  Bluebirds over the mountain Seagulls over the sea yeah Bluebirds over the mountain Bring my baby to me  Bring my baby Oooo Baby Oooo oooo oooo oooo 
little deuce coupe-Beach Boys[SEP]Little deuce coupe You don't know what I got Little deuce coupe You don't know what I got  Well I'm not braggin' babe so don't put me down But I've got the fastest set of wheels in town When something comes up to me he don't even try 'Cause if I had a set of wings man I know she could fly  She's my little deuce coupe You don't know what I got (My little deuce coupe) (You don't know what I got)  Just a little deuce coupe with a flathead mill But she'll walk a Thunderbird like she's standin' still She's ported and relieved and she's stroked and bored. She'll do a hundred and forty with the top end floored  She's my little deuce coupe You don't know what I got (My little deuce coupe) (You don't know what I got)  She's got a competition clutch with the four on the floor And she purrs like a kitten till the lake pipes roar And if that ain't enough to make you flip your lid There's one more thing, I got the pink slip daddy  And comin' off the line when the light turns green Well she blows 'em outta the water like you never seen I get pushed out of shape and it's hard to steer When I get rubber in all four gears  She's my little deuce coupe You don't know what I got (My little deuce coupe) (You don't know what I got) She's my little deuce coupe You don't know what I got (My little deuce coupe) (You don't know what I got) She's my little deuce coupe You don't know what I got 
devoted to you-Beach Boys[SEP]Darlin', you can count on me Til the sun dries up the sea (...) Until then, I'll always be Devoted to you  I'll be yours through endless time I'll adore your charms sublime Guess by now you know that I'm Devoted to you  I'll never hurt you, I'll never lie I'll never be untrue I'll never give you reason to cry I'd be unhappy if you were blue  Through the years, my love will grow Like a river, it will flow It can't die because I'm so Devoted to you  I'll never hurt you, I'll never lie I'll never be untrue I'll never give you reason to cry I'd be unhappy if you were blue  Through the years, my love will grow Like a river, it will flow It can't die because I'm so Devoted to you  Ba ba ba ba ba Ba ba ba ba ba ba bom  (That was beautiful.) (Great.) (Yay!) [Clapping] (That was great.) (Hey, Brian, I ...) 
a thing or two-Beach Boys[SEP]When I see my baby When I see my little girl When I see my woman I'm gonna tell her about the lonely hours I just spent And say the thing we got going hope it never ends Well I'm gonna tell that little girl a thing or two  Do it right baby (Do it right baby) Ahhh haaa Outta sight baby Ahhh-ha ha Do it right baby (Do it right baby) Ahhh haaa  When I see my baby When I look in her pretty eyes When I get with my darling baby I say my heart will start to beat like a couple of drums She'll get my temperature to rise to 'bout a hundred and one  (Yeah) Do it right baby (Do it right baby) Ahhh haaa Outta sight baby Ahhh-ha ha Do it right baby (Do it right baby) Ahhh haaa  A whole day away from your woman A separation from your girl can really mess your mind And can you dig this one thing Well it's lucky I'm working from nine to five I have to live with my doctors just to keep me alive Keep on tellin' a thing or two  Do it right baby (Do it right baby) Ahhh haaa Outta sight baby Ahhh-ha ha Do it right baby (Do it right baby) Ahhh haaa 
ballad of ole' betsy-Beach Boys[SEP]Betsy, Betsy, ahhhhh  She was born in '32, and was she ever pretty She rode a freight train west, all the way from Detroit city Betsy's seen more places than I'll ever hope to see Betsy's been more loyal than any friend could be  With some she traveled fast, with others it was slow Betsy's seen them all, she'd seen them come and go She must have had some others before I finally met her And now that she's all mine, they'd better just forget her Betsy was a lady and that she will remain Betsy took some beatings but she never once complained  She had a classic beauty that everyone could see I was the last to meet her, but she gave her life to me She may be rusted iron, but to me she's solid gold And I just can't hold the tears back 'Cause Betsy's growing old 
the girl from new york city-Beach Boys[SEP]She came out with her best friend for the summer in L. A. They took a small apartment down on the beach And you'll find them there every day  And I said California guys all can't peel their eyes From that girl from New York City And L. A. boys all heard the noise About that girl from New York City  We'll turn 'em on with all the things that will be happening night and day We'll show them such a groovy time that they'll both be decidin' to stay  And let me say California guys all can't peel their eyes From that girl from New York City And L. A. boys all heard the noise About that girl from New York City  California guys all can't peel their eyes From that girl from New York City And L. A. boys all heard the noise About that girl from New York City  California guys all can't peel their eyes From that girl from New York City And L. A. boys all heard the noise About that girl from New York City 
jack & jane-Velvet Underground[SEP]Jack and Jane, well they were quite insane But did you think that I really cared Though they tried to get me to insinuate I couldn't follow them anywhere Because they weren't ever really there  Oh high and low the little junkies go But did you hope to get me involved Even though they follow you most every where I couldn't talk to them even if I tried You know they can't see with their eyes open wide  Everybody that you knew was from a book you read Since they never lived how could you make them dead  Everybody that you knew was from a book you read Since they never lived how could you make them dead  So it goes, I'm right behind my nose I follow it wherever it leads Takes me places no one ever would believe But they can't follow me even if they try It's like a camel through a needles eye  Everybody that you knew was from a book you read Since they never lived how could you make them dead 
cool it down-Velvet Underground[SEP]Somebody took the papers And somebody's got the key And somebody nailed the door shut That says hey what you think that you see But me I'm down around the corner You know I'm lookin' for Miss Linda Lee Because she's got the power to love me by the hour Gives me double you L-O-V-E  Hey baby if you want it so fast Don't you know that it ain't gonna last Of course you know it makes no difference to me  Somebody's got the time time Somebody's got the right All of the other people Tryin' to use up the night But now me I'm out on the corner You know I'm lookin' for Miss Linda Lee Because she's got the power to love me by the hour Gives me double you L-O-V-E  Ooh if you want it so fast Don't you know honey you can get it so fast But of course you know it makes no difference to me  Oh oh oh you'd better cool it down You know you'd better cool it down You know you'd better cool it down You know you'd better cool it down  Oh hey if you want it so fast Now lookie baby don't you want it to last But of course you know that it makes no difference to me Oh you'd better cool it down You know you'd better cool it down You know you'd better cool it down 
the murder mystery-Velvet Underground[SEP][Left voice:] Candy-screen wrappers of silkscreen fantastic, requiring memories both lovely and guiltfree, lurid and lovely with twilight of ages, luscious and lovely and filthy with laughter, laconic giggles, ennui fort the passions, in order to justify most spurious desires, rectify moments, most serious and urgent to hail upon the face of most odious time, requiring replies most facile and vacuous with words nearly singed, with the heartbeat of passions, spew forth with the grace of a tart going under subject of a great concern, noble origin  [Right voice:] Denigrate obtuse and active, verbs, pronouns, skewer the sieve of the optical sewer, release the handle that holds all the gates up, puncture the eyeballs that seep all the muck up, read all the books and the people worth reading and still see the muck on the sky of the ceiling  [Left voice:] Please raise the flag, rosy red carpet envy English used here; this messenger is nervous It's not fun at all out here in the hall  [Right voice:] Mister Moonlight, succulent smooth and gorgeous Isn't it nice? We're number one and so forth Isn't it sweet being unique  [Left voice:] For screeching and yelling and various offenses, lower the queen and bend her over the tub; against the state, the country, the commitee; hold her head under the water, please, for an hour, for groveling and spewing and various offenses; puncture the bloat with the wing of a sparrow, the inverse, the obverse, the converse, the reverse, the sharpening wing of the edge of a sparrow, for suitable reckonings too numerous to mention, as the queen is fat, she is devoured by rats; there is one way to skin a cat or poison a rat; it is here forth, hear to three, forthirightly stated  [Right voice:] Relent and obverse and inverse and perverse and reverse the inverse of perverse and reverse and reverse and reverse and reverse and reverse and chop it and pluck it and cut it and spit it and sew it to joy on the edge of a cyclop and spin it to rage on the edge of a cylindrical minute  [Left voice:] Put down that rag simpering, callow and morose Who let you in? If I knew, then I could get out The murder you see is a mystery to me  [Right voice:] Dear Mister Muse, fellow of wit and gentry Medieval ruse filling the shallow and empty Fools that duel, duel in pools  [Left voice:] To Rembrandt and Oswald, to peanuts and ketchup, sanctimonious sycophants stir in the bushes, up to the stand with your foot on the Bible; as king, I must order and constantly arouse, if you swear to catch up and throw up and up-up, a king full of virgin and kiss me and spin it, excuse to willow and wander, dark wonders divest me of robes, sutures, Harry and pig meat, the fate of a nation, rests hard on your bosoms, the king on his throne, puts his hand down his robe, the torture of inverse and silkscreen and Harry, and set the tongue squealing the reverse and inverse  [Right voice:] Tantalize poets with visions of grandeur, their faces turn blue with the reek of the compost, as the living try hard to retain what the dead lost, with double-dead sickness from writing at what cost and business and business and reverse and reverse and set the brain reeling the inverse and perverse  [Left voice:] Objections suffice apelike and tactile bassoon Oboeing me cordon the virus' section Off to the left is what is not right  [Right voice:] English arcane, tantamount here to frenzy Passing for me, lascivious elder passion Corpulent filth disguised as silk  [Left voice:] Contempt, contempt, and contempt for the boredom, I shall poison the city and sink it with fire, for cordless and Harry and ape-pig and scissor, the messenger's wig seems fraught with desire, for blueberry picnics and pince-nez and magpies, the messenger's skirt, would you please hook it higher, for children and adults, all those under ninety, how truly disgusting. Would you please put it down? A stray in this fray is no condom worth saving, as king, I'm quite just, but it's just quite impossible, a robe and a robe and a robe and a bat, no double-class inverse could make lying worth dying  [Right voice:] With cheap simian melodies, hillbilly outgush, for illiterate ramblings, for cheap understanding, for misunderstranding, the simple, the inverse, the compost, the reverse, the obtuse and stupid, and business and business, and cheap stupid lyrics, and simple mass reverse while the real thing is dying  [Left voice:] Exit the pig, enter the owl and gorgeous King on the left, it on the right and primping Adjusting his nose as he reads from his scroll  [Right voice:] Folksy knockwurst, peel back the skin of French And what do you find? Follicles intertwining Succulent prose wrapped up in robes  [Left voice:] Off with his head, take his head from his neck off, requiring memories both lovely and guiltfree, put out his eyes, then cut his nose off, sanctimonius sycophants stir in the bushes, scoop out his brain, put a string where his ears were, all the king's horses and all the king's men, swing the whole mess at the end of the wire, scratch out his eyes with the tip of a razor, let the wire extend from the tip of a rose, Caroline, Caroline, Caroline, oh! but retains the remnants of what once was a nose, pass me my robe, fill my bath up with water  [Right voice:] Jumpsuit and pigmeat and making his fortune, while making them happy with the inverse and obverse and making them happy and making them happy with the coy and the stupid, just another dumb lackey who puts out the one thing while singing the other, but the real thing's alone and it is no man's brother  [Left voice:] No one knows no nose is good news and senseless Extend the wine, drink here a toast to selfless Ten-year-old port is perfect in court  [Right voice:] Safety is nice, not an unwise word spoken Scary bad dreams made safe in lovely songs No doom or gloom allowed in this room  [Left voice:] Casbah and cascade and rosehip and feeling, cascade and cyanide, Rachaminoff, Beethoven, skull-silly wagon and justice and perverse and reverse the inverse and inverse and inverse, blueberry catalog, questionable earnings, hustler's lament and the rest will in due cry, to battle and scramble and browbeat and hurt while chewing on minstrels and choking on dirt, disease please seems the order of the day, please the king, please the king, please the king day, casbah and cascade and rosehip and feeling, point of order, return the king here to the ceiling  [Right voice:] Oh, not to be whistled or studied or hummed or remembered at nights when the eye is alone, but to skewer and ravage and savage and split with the grace of a diamond then bellicose wit, to stun and to stagger with words as such stone, that those who do hear cannot again return home  [Left voice:] Razzamatazz, there's nothing on my shoulder Lust is a must, shaving my head's made me bolder Will you kindly read what it was I brought thee?  [Right voice:] Hello to Ray, hello to Godiva and Angel Who let you in? Isn't it nice, the party? Aren't the lights pretty at night?  [Left voice:] Sick leaf and sorrow and pincers not scissors, regard and refrain from the daughters of marriage, regards for the elders and youngest in carriage, regard and regard for the inverse and perverse and obverse, and diverse, of reverse and reverse, regard from the sick, the dumb, and the camel from pump's storing water, like brain is too marrow to x-ray and filthy and cutting and then peeling to skin and to skin and to bone and to structure to livid and pallid and turgid and structured and structured and structured and structured and structured and regard and refrain, the sick and the dumb, inverse, reverse and perverse  [Right voice:] Contempt, contempt, and contempt for the seething for writhing and reeling and two-bit reportage, for sick with the body and sinister holy, the drown burst blue babies now dead on the seashore, the valorous horseman, who hang from the ceiling, the pig on the carpet, the dusty pale jissom, that has no effect for the sick with the see-saw, the inverse, obverse converse, reverse of reverse the diverse and converse of reverse and perverse and sweet pyrotechnics, and let's have another of inverse, converse, diverse, perverse and reverse, hell's graveyard is damned as they chew on their brains, the slick and the scum, reverse, inverse and perverse  [Left voice:] Plowing while it's done away Dumb and ready pig meat Sick upon the carpet Climb into the casket Safe within the parapet Sack is in the parapet Pigs are out and growling Slaughter by the seashore See the lifeguard drowning Sea is full of fishes Fishes full of china China plates are falling All fall down Sick and shiny carpet Lie before my eyes-eyes Lead me to the ceiling Walk upon the wall wall Tender as the green grass Drink the whisky horror See the young girls dancing Flies upon the beaches Beaches are for sailors Nuns across the sea-wall Black hood horseman raging Swordsman eating fire Fire on the carpet Set the house ablazing Seize and bring it flaming Gently to the ground ground Dizzy Bell Miss Fortune Fat and full of love-juice Drip it on the carpet Down below the fire hose Weep and whisky fortune Sail me to the moon, dear Drunken dungeon sailors Headless Roman horsemen The king and queen are empty Their heads are in the outhouse Fish upon the water Bowl upon the saviour Toothless wigged Laureate Plain and full of fancy Name upon a letterhead Impressing all the wheat germ Love you for a nickel Maul you for a quarter Set the casket flaming Do not go gentle blazing  [Right voice:] Sick upon the staircase Sick upon the staircase Blood upon the pillow Climb into the parapet See the church bells gleaming Knife that scrapes a sick plate Dentures full of air holes The tailor couldn't mend straight Shoot her full of air holes Climbing up the casket Take me to the casket Teeth upon her red throat Screw me in the daisies Rip upon her holler Snip the seas fantastic Treat her like a sailor Full and free and nervous Out to make his fortune Either this or that way Sickly or in good health Piss upon a building Like a dog in training Teach to heel or holler Yodel on a sing song Down upon the carpet Tickle polyester Sick within the parapet Screwing for a dollar Sucking on a fire-hose Chewing on a rubber line Tied to chairs and rare bits Pay another player Oh you're such a good lad Here's another dollar Tie him to the bedpost Sick with witches' covens Craving for a raw meat Bones upon the metal Sick upon the circle Down upon the carpet Down upon the carpet Down below the parapet Waiting for your bidding Pig upon the carpet Tumenescent railroad Neuro-anaesthesia analog Ready for a good look Drooling at the birches Swinging from the birches Succulent Nebraska 
pale blue eyes-Velvet Underground[SEP]Sometimes I feel so happy, Sometimes I feel so sad. Sometimes I feel so happy, But mostly you just make me mad. Baby, you just make me mad. Linger on, your pale blue eyes. Linger on, your pale blue eyes.  Thought of you as my mountain top, Thought of you as my peak. Thought of you as everything, I've had but couldn't keep. I've had but couldn't keep. Linger on, your pale blue eyes. Linger on, your pale blue eyes.  If I could make the world as pure and strange as what I see, I'd put you in the mirror, I put in front of me. I put in front of me. Linger on, your pale blue eyes. Linger on, your pale blue eyes.  Skip a life completely. Stuff it in a cup. She said, Money is like us in time, It lies, but can't stand up. Down for you is up." Linger on, your pale blue eyes. Linger on, your pale blue eyes.  It was good what we did yesterday. And I'd do it once again. The fact that you are married, Only proves, you're my best friend. But it's truly, truly a sin. Linger on, your pale blue eyes. Linger on, your pale blue eyes. 
coyote-Velvet Underground[SEP]Coyote goes to the top of the hill doin' the things that coyote's will Staring at the sky, at the moon you know he starts to howl  Coyote goes to the mountain top looks over down at the river, says "What a drop" No tame dog is gonna take my bone  Coyote at the top of the hill doin' the things coyote's will You gotta cast the first stone cast the first stone  Jackal goes to the top of the hill doin' the things that jackal's will Staring at the moon you know he starts to howl  Wild dog up on the mountain top blood in his jaws, the bone, he drops No tame dog is ever ever gonna take my bone  Jackal up on the top of the hill doin' the things that jackal's will Cast the first stone cast the first stone  Coyote on top of the hill ooohhh, doin' the things that coyote's will Staring at the sky, looks at the moon he starts to howl  Coyote up on the mountain top blood in his jaws, the bone, he drops Says no tame dog is ever ever gonna take this bone  Coyote up on the mountain top says "What a drop" You gotta cast the first stone cast the first stone Cast the first stone you gotta cast the first stone 
i can't stand it-Velvet Underground[SEP]Before being a man Livin' in a garbage pail My landlady call me up She tried to hit me with a mop  I can't stand it anymore more I can't stand it anymore more I can't stand it anymore more But if Shelly she would just come back It'll be allright But if Shelly she would just come back It'll be allright  I live with thirteen dead cats A purple who hear spats They're all livin in a hall And I can't stand it anymore  I can't stand it anymore more I can't stand it anymore more I can't stand it anymore more But if Shelly she would just come back It'll be allright But if Shelly she would just come back It'll be allright  Before being a man Livin' in a garbage pail My landlady call me up She tried to hit me with a mop  I can't stand it anymore more I can't stand it anymore more I can't stand it anymore more But if Shelly she would just come back It'll be allright But if Shelly she would just come back It'll be allright Be allright, be allright.... 
lonesome cowboy bill-Velvet Underground[SEP]Lonesome Cowboy Bill Rides the rodeo. Lonesome Cowboy Bill, You got to see him yodel "Ay-hee-ho!"  Lonesome Cowboy Bill Rides the rodeo. Ever since he was a little lad, Loves the rodeo. Bucking broncs, yeah, sipping wine, You got to see him go, And all the ten-gallon girls Love to hear him yodel "Ay-hee-ho!"  Because  Lonesome Cowboy Bill Rides the rodeo. Lonesome Cowboy Bill, You got to see him yodel "Ay-hee-ho!"  Oh, Lonesome Cowboy Bill, You still ride the rodeo. Up 'round the Colorado shore, Down by the Ohio. Sometimes even New Orleans, Down by the Mardi Gras, And all the ten-gallon girls Love to hear him yodel "Ay-hee-ho!"  He's Lonesome Cowboy Bill, He rides the rodeo. Just a Lonesome Cowboy Bill, You got to see him yodel "Ay-hee-ho!"  You got to see him in the rodeo When he's ridin', goin' too darn fast. You got to hear the people scream and shout  They call him, Lonesome Cowboy Bill He's a Lonesome Cowboy Bill  He goes...  Lonesome Cowboy Bill Rides the rodeo. Lonesome Cowboy Bill, You got to see him yodel "Ay-hee-ho!"  I said, You got to see him yodel "Ay-hee-ho!" Oh he's a Lonesome Cowboy Bill, Lonesome Cowboy Bill... 
velvet nursery rhyme-Velvet Underground[SEP]We're the Velvet Underground and we have come to play it's been 28 years since we've been here to the day  There's Maureen, she's on the drums, she's havin' lot of fun let's hear it for Moe Tucker, beat those skins for everyone  There is Sterling Morrison, he's playing the guitar he's a guitar hero, kicks their asses really far  Now you got here John and me  Now you got here John and me, we want no part of this that's because we think it is real pretentious shit 
caroline-Velvet Underground[SEP]Running to and fro, got her hair in a braid, Always in a terrible fuss Tellin' everybody all the friends that she's made Pushing on the crosstown bus Always got a dime for the record machine Never lets the music die Got the best connections in the city say Anything you care to buy Sweet Caroline (Sweet sweet Caroline) Any day she'll be mine (Sweet sweet Caroline) Any day now, she'll say that she will (Someday she'll be mine) Living off the land in a fashionable way Party every other night Gets the latest clothes from her friend in the trade Caroline she does it right See her on the street as she rushes by Hard to miss her - yeah you bet Always on the search for the ultimate end But she hasn't found it yet Sweet Caroline (Sweet sweet Caroline) Any day she'll be mine (Sweet sweet Caroline) Any day now, she'll say that she will (Someday she'll be mine) La la la la etc. Running to and fro, got her hair in a braid, Always in a terrible fuss Tellin' everybody all the friends that she's made Pushing on the crosstown bus Always got a dime for the record machine Never lets the music die Got the best connections in the city say Anything you care to buy Sweet Caroline (Sweet sweet Caroline) Any day she'll be mine (Sweet sweet Caroline) Any day now, she'll say that she will (Someday she'll be mine) 
head held high-Velvet Underground[SEP]My mama told me, ever since I was seven, Hold your head up high. My parents toldmy ever since I was eleven, "Hold your head up high." They said the answer was to become a dancer, Hold your head high. Oh, just like I figured, they're always disfigured With their heads up high.  Now I'm older, I'm getting so much bolder With my head up high Oh, as I figured, just like I figured Since your head's up high, baby. Oh, just like I figured, You know, they was disfigured Hold your head up high. You know, they says the answer was to become a dancer Hold your head high, boy.  Ever since I was a baby on my mama's knee, Oh, just listened to what everybody told me, Oh yes I did. But still the answer was to become a dancer, And hold your head high, But, just like I figured, they're always disfigured, They hold their heads up high, Watch out!  Do the dog! Oh, watch out!  And now I'm older, they say I'm so much bolder Got your head up high. Oh, and the answer was, hey, to become a dancer, Head up high. Well, but just like I figured, they're always disfigured They got their heads up high. But the answer was, now, boy, to become a dancer With your head up high  Head up high, Head up high... 
you got the silver-Rolling Stones[SEP]Hey babe, what's in your eyes? I saw them flashing like airplane lights You fill my cup, babe, that's for sure I must come back for a little more You got my heart you got my soul You got the silver you got the gold You got the diamonds from the mine Well that's all right, it'll buy some time Tell me, honey, what will I do When I'm hungry and thirsty too Feeling foolish (and that's for sure) Just waiting here at your kitchen door? Hey baby, what's in your eyes? Is that the diamonds from the mine? What's that laughing in your smile? I don't care, no, I don't care Oh babe, you got my soul You got the silver you got the gold If that's your love, just leave me blind I don't care, no, that's no big surprise 
live with me-Rolling Stones[SEP]I got nasty habits, I take tea at three Yes, and the meat I eat for dinner Must be hung up for a week My best friend, he shoots water rats And feeds them to his geese Don'cha think there's a place for you In between the sheets? Come on now, honey We can build a home for three Come on now, honey Don't you wanna live with me? And there's a score of harebrained children They're all locked in the nursery They got earphone heads they got dirty necks They're so 20th century Well they queue up for the bathroom Round about 7:35 Don'cha think we need a woman's touch to make it come alive? You'd look good pram pushing Down the high street Come on now, honey Don't you wanna live with me? Whoa, the servants they're so helpful, dear The cook she is a whore Yes, the butler has a place for her Behind the pantry door The maid, she's French, she's got no sense She's wild for Crazy Horse And when she strips, the chauffeur flips The footman's eyes get crossed Don'cha think there's a place for us Right across the street Don'cha think there's a place for you, In between the sheets? 
sympathy for the devil-Rolling Stones[SEP]Please allow me to introduce myself I'm a man of wealth and taste I've been around for a long, long year Stole many a man's soul and faith  I was 'round when Jesus Christ Had his moment of doubt and pain Made damn sure that Pilate Washed his hands and sealed his fate  Pleased to meet you Hope you guess my name But what's puzzling you Is the nature of my game  I stuck around St. Petersburg When I saw it was a time for a change Killed the Tzar and his ministers Anastasia screamed in vain  I rode a tank Held a general's rank When the blitzkrieg raged And the bodies stank  Pleased to meet you Hope you guess my name, oh yeah But what's puzzling you Is the nature of my game, oh yeah  I watched with glee While your kings and queens Fought for ten decades For the gods they made  I shouted out, "Who killed the Kennedys?" When after all It was you and me  Let me please introduce myself I'm a man of wealth and taste And I lay traps for troubadours Who get killed before they reach Bombay  Pleased to meet you Hope you guessed my name, oh yeah But what's puzzling you Is the nature of my game, oh yeah, get down, hit it  Pleased to meet you Hope you guessed my name, oh yeah But what's confusing you Is just the nature of my game  Just as every cop is a criminal And all the sinners saints As heads is tails Just call me Lucifer  Cause I'm in need of some restraint So if you meet me Have some courtesy Have some sympathy, and some taste  Use all your well-learned politesse Or I'll lay your soul to waste, um yeah Pleased to meet you Hope you guessed my name, um yeah  But what's puzzling you Is the nature of my game, um mean it, get down Woo, who Oh yeah, get on down  Oh yeah Oh yeah! Tell me baby, what's my name Tell me honey, can ya guess my name  Tell me baby, what's my name I tell you one time, you're to blame Ooo, who Ooo, who  Ooo, who Ooo, who, who Ooo, who, who Ooo, who, who  Ooo, who, who Oh, yeah What's my name Tell me, baby, what's my name  Tell me, sweetie, what's my name Ooo, who, who Ooo, who, who Ooo, who, who  Ooo, who, who Ooo, who, who Ooo, who, who Ooo, who, who  Oh, yeah 
some things just stick in your mind-Rolling Stones[SEP]Why does the sky turn grey ev'ry night Sun rise again in time Why do you think of the first girl you had Some things just stick in your mind  Why does the rain fall down on the earth Why do the clouds keep cryin' Why do you sleep curled up like a child Some things just stick in your mind  Why when the children grow up and leave Still remember their nursery rhymes Why must there be so much hate in their lives Some things just stick in their minds 
before they make me run-Rolling Stones[SEP]Worked the bars and sideshows along the twilight zone Only a crowd can make you feel so alone And it really hit home Booze and pills and powders, you can choose your medicine Well here's another goodbye to another good friend After all is said and done Gotta move while it's still fun Let me walk before they make me run After all is said and done I gotta move, it's still fun I'm gonna walk before they make me run Watched the taillights fading, there ain't a dry eye in the house They're laughing and singing Started dancing and drinking as I left town Gonna find my way to heaven, `cause I did my time in hell I wasn't looking too good but I was feeling real well After all is said and done I gotta move I had my fun Let us walk before they make me run After all is said and done I did alright, I had my fun I will walk before they make me run 
midnight rambler-Rolling Stones[SEP]Did you hear about the midnight rambler Everybody got to go Did you hear about the midnight rambler The one that shut the kitchen door He don't give a hoot of warning Wrapped up in a black cat cloak He don't go in the light of the morning He split the time the cock'rel crows Talkin' about the midnight gambler The one you never seen before Talkin' about the midnight gambler Did you see him jump the garden wall Sighin' down the wind so sad Listen and you'll hear him moan Talkin' about the midnight gambler Everybody got to go Did you hear about the midnight rambler Well, honey, it's no rock 'n' roll show Well, I'm talkin' about the midnight gambler Yeah, the one you never seen before (ad lib) Well you heard about the Boston... It's not one of those Well, talkin' 'bout the midnight...sh... The one that closed the bedroom door I'm called the hit-and-run raper in anger The knife-sharpened tippie-toe... Or just the shoot 'em dead, brainbell jangler You know, the one you never seen before So if you ever meet the midnight rambler Coming down your marble hall Well he's pouncing like proud black panther Well, you can say I, I told you so Well, don't you listen for the midnight rambler Play it easy, as you go I'm gonna smash down all your plate glass windows Put a fist, put a fist through your steel-plated door Did you hear about the midnight rambler He'll leave his footprints up and down your hall And did you hear about the midnight gambler And did you see me make my midnight call And if you ever catch the midnight rambler I'll steal your mistress from under your nose I'll go easy with your cold fanged anger I'll stick my knife right down your throat, baby And it hurts! 
as tears go by-Rolling Stones[SEP]It is the evening of the day I sit and watch the children play Smiling faces I can see But not for me I sit and watch As tears go by My riches can't buy everything I want to hear the children sing All I hear is the sound Of rain falling on the ground I sit and watch As tears go by It is the evening of the day I sit and watch the children play Doin' things I used to do They think are new I sit and watch As tears go by 
waiting on a friend-Rolling Stones[SEP]Watching girls passing by It ain't the latest thing I'm just standing in a doorway I'm just trying to make some sense Out of these girls passing by The tales they tell of men I'm not waiting on a lady I'm just waiting on a friend  A smile relieves a heart that grieves Remember what I said I'm not waiting on a lady I'm just waiting on a friend I'm just waiting on a friend Just waiting on a friend I'm just waiting on a friend I'm just waiting on a friend I'm just waiting on a friend  Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah  Don't need a whore I don't need no booze Don't need a virgin priest But I need someone I can cry to I need someone to protect  Oh, making love and breaking hearts It is a game for youth But I'm not waiting on a lady I'm just waiting on a friend I'm just waiting on a friend I'm just waiting on a friend Waiting on a friend I'm just waiting on a friend I'm just waiting on a friend Waiting on a friend  Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah 
i got the blues-Rolling Stones[SEP]As I stand by your flame I get burned once again Feelin' low down, I'm blue As I sit by the fire Of your warm desire I've got the blues for you, yeah Every night you've been away I've sat down and I have prayed That you're safe in the arms of a guy Who will bring you alive Won't drag you down with abuse In the silk sheet of time I will find peace of mind Love is a bed full of blues And I've got the blues for you And I've got the blues for you And I'll bust my brains out for you And I'll tear my hair out I'm gonna tear my hair out just for you If you don't believe what I'm singing At three o'clock in the morning, babe, well I'm singing my song for you 
honky tonk women-Rolling Stones[SEP]I met a gin soaked, bar-room queen in Memphis She tried to take me upstairs for a ride She had to heave me right across her shoulder 'Cause I just can't seem to drink you off my mind  It's the honky tonk women That gimme, gimme, gimme the honky tonk blues  I laid a divorcee in New York City I had to put up some kind of a fight The lady then she covered me in roses She blew my nose and then she blew my mind  It's the honky tonk women That gimme, gimme, gimme the honky tonk blues  It's the honky tonk women That gimme, gimme, gimme the honky tonk blues It's the honky tonk women That gimme, gimme, gimme the honky tonk blues 
tie you up (the pain of love)-Rolling Stones[SEP]You're deaf to it, blind to it It's like a thunderclap Feel the prickles running Up and down your back Why so divine, the pain of love You have to work at it, stay with it Pay for it, bust your ass Lie for it, cheat for it Forget about your past Why so divine, the pain of love You dream of it passionate You get a rise from it Feel the hot cum Dripping on your thighs from it Why why so divine, the pain of love Sometimes you crave for it, cry for it Women will die for it Looking back, cut the crap Was it really worth the rap? It's hard to survive the pain of love Ooh I need a time out Time to make my mind up Substitute a line out I'll be back next season with a bang No release from the jail No parole, no bail Hard labor, fifty lashes Hard labor, money splashes It's hard to survive the pain of love The old maid is roughing up Applying final touches Even though she's late for the dance I tell you tonight she's really gonna have a ball She's gonna really tie me up She's gonna really tie me up She's gonna really tie me up She's gonna really tie me up She's gonna really tie me up She's gonna really tie me up Why so divine the pain of love Don't hurt me, don't hurt me Don't hurt me, don't hurt me Why so divine the pain of love That's what they call it: the pain of love Tie me up, tie me up, tie me up, tie me up Why do divine, the pain of love Don't hurt me, don't hurt me, don't hurt me Don't hurt me, don't hurt me, don't hurt me Don't hurt me, don't hurt me, don't hurt me Don't hurt me, don't hurt me, don't hurt me Don't hurt me, don't hurt me, don't hurt me 
good times, bad times-Rolling Stones[SEP]There've been good times There've been bad times I have my share of hard times, too But I lost my faith in the world Honey, when I lost you Remember the good times we've had together Don't you want them back again Though these hard times are bugging me now Honey, now it's a sin There's gotta be trust in this world Or it won't get very far Well, trust in someone Or there's gonna be war 
out of time-Rolling Stones[SEP]You don't know what's going on You've been away for far too long You can't come back and think you are still mine You're out of touch, my baby My poor discarded baby I said, baby, baby, baby, you're out of time Well, baby, baby, baby, you're out of time I said, baby, baby, baby, you're out of time You are all left out Out of there without a doubt Cause baby, baby, baby, you're out of time You thought you were a clever girl Giving up your social whirl But you can't come back and be the first in line, on no You're obsolete my baby My poor old-fashioned baby I said baby, baby, baby you're out of time Well, baby, baby, baby, you're out of time I said, baby, baby, baby, you're out of time Yes, you are left out Out of there without a doubt Cause baby, baby, baby, you're out of time 
(i can't get no) satisfaction-Rolling Stones[SEP]I can't get no satisfaction I can't get no satisfaction 'Cause I try and I try and I try and I try I can't get no, I can't get no  When I'm drivin' in my car And a man comes on the radio He's tellin' me more and more About some useless information Supposed to fire my imagination  I can't get no Oh no no no Hey hey hey That's what I say  I can't get no satisfaction I can't get no satisfaction 'Cause I try and I try and I try and I try I can't get no, I can't get no  When I'm watchin' my TV And a man comes on and tells me How white my shirts can be But he can't be a man 'cause he doesn't smoke The same cigarettes as me  I can't get no Oh no no no Hey hey hey That's what I say  I can't get no satisfaction I can't get no girl reaction 'Cause I try and I try and I try and I try I can't get no, I can't get no  When I'm ridin' round the world And I'm doin' this and I'm signin' that And I'm tryin' to make some girl Who tells me baby better come back maybe next week 'Cause you see I'm on a losing streak  I can't get no Oh no no no Hey hey hey That's what I say  I can't get no, I can't get no I can't get no satisfaction No satisfaction, no satisfaction No satisfaction, I can't get no 
too tough-Rolling Stones[SEP]If you want to wreck my life Go ahead my love Tried it once with poison Tried it once with drugs My circulation's running dry It's you that drank me up Screwed me down with kindness Suffocating love When it comes to fighting Trying to play it rough I will take you twenty rounds I'm just too tough, too tough Too tough, too tough Saw you on TV last night In a rerun soap You were young and beautiful Already without hope But I don't think you ever knew What you've bitten off But in the end, you spat me out You could not chew me up I'm too tough, too tough Too tough, too tough When it comes to fighting Trying to play it rough I will take you twenty rounds I'm just too tough, too tough I married yesterday To a teenage bride You said it's only physical But I love her deep inside I still see you in my dreams With a kitchen knife With it poised above your head Now who you gonna slice? When it comes to fighting Trying to play it rough I will take you twenty rounds I'm just too tough, too tough Too tough, too tough I don't think you'll ever know What you've bitten off But in the end, you spat me out You could not chew me up I was too tough, too tough Too tough, too tough Too tough, too tough Too tough Too tough, too tough Too tough, too tough 
fight-Rolling Stones[SEP]Yeah, baby! Gonna pulp you to a mass of bruises, 'cause that's what you're lookin' for. There's a hole where your nose used to be. Gonna kick ya out of my door. Got to get into a fight. Can't get out of it. Got to get into a fight. Gonna blow you to a million pieces. Blow you sky high, I don't care. Splatter matter on the bloody ceiling. Blow the building right into the air. Got to get into a fight, I can't get out of it. Got to get into a fight, gonna put the boot in. Got to get into a fight. Yeah, watch me now. (Wouh wouh now) Hu!  What I want is power, more power. What I need is an innocent life. Wanna do it in the broad daylight. I'm the truck, I'm the suicide. Got to get into a fight. I can't get out of it. Wanna get into a fight. Gonna get away with it. (Wouh wouh now) Got to get into a fight. Watch me, watch me now.  Yeah! Yeah, got to get into a fight, I can't get out of it. I got to get into a fight. Gonna put to boot him. It's all for his greater glory. It's all for a Saturday night. There's a hole where your face used to be. I got you in my telescopic sight. Got to get into a fight. Gonna put the boot in, (Wouh wouh now) fuck him now. Nah, (Wouh wouh now) yeah! (Wouh wouh now) Can't get out of it. Wouh wouh now! Gonna slap the face in, (Wouh wouh now) ah! Slash you with a razor, (Wouh wouh now) oh! Wouh wouh na! (Wouh wouh now) Yeah! Can't get out of it. (Wouh wouh now) Wouh wouh na! Wouh wouh na! Wouh wouh, wouh wouh na! (Wouh wouh now) Ooh, oh na! 
what a shame-Rolling Stones[SEP]What a shame Nothing seems to be going right What a shame Nothing seems to be going right It seems easy to me that everything can be alright What a shame They always wanna start a fight What a shame They always wanna start a fight Well it scares me so I could sleep in the shelter all night Well alright What a shame You all heard what I said What a shame Y'all heard what I said You might wake up in the morning And find your poor self dead 
back to zero-Rolling Stones[SEP]Back to zero So you wanna blow us all to pieces Go meet your maker, head hung down And give him all your explanations Go ahead, throw down Back to zero, back to nothing Straight to meltdown, back to zero That's where we're heading  It's a monkey living on my back I can feel my spine begin to crack I'm looking to the future I keep on glancing back I prefer to rot I don't want to pop  I think I'll head back to the jungle, alright Don't want to see no big bad rumble, too fright Back to zero, that's where we're going Back to nothing, right now, right now No heroes? No more heroes Back to meltdown That's where I'm going, back to zero  My whole life is hanging on a thread I'm the fly inside the spider's web I'm looking to the future I keep on glancing back I prefer to rot I don't want to pop  I worry about my great grandchildren Living ten miles beneath the ground I worry about their whole existence The whole damn thing's in doubt Back to zero, that's where we're going Back to nothing, that's where we're heading Straight to meltdown, that's where we're going Back to zero, right now, right now  We're going nowhere Right now, right now Back to zero, that's where we're heading Back to zero 
down in the hole-Rolling Stones[SEP]Will all your money Buy you forgiveness Keep you from sickness Or keep you from cold? Will all your money Keep you from madness Keep you from sadness When you're down in the hole? 'Cause you'll be down in the gutter You'll be bummin' for cigarettes Bummin' for nylons In the American Zone You'll be down in the hole Yeah, down in the hole No escape from trouble Nowhere to go Down in the gutter Beggin' for cigarettes Beggin' forgiveness All that you know Down in the hole After diggin' the trenches Looking for cover and findin' out there ain't nowhere nowhere to go Nowhere nowhere nowhere to go None of your money Will buy you forgiveness None of your jewelry None of your gold Your black market cigarettes Your American nightclubs Ah, they've got nowhere left Something for nothing All of your friends gone Something for nothing That's all that you know There's something down in the hole Down down down in the hole There's something down down down down in the hole 
no expectations-Rolling Stones[SEP]Take me to the station And put me on a train I've got no expectations To pass through here again Once I was a rich man Now I am so poor But never in my sweet short life Have I felt like this before You heart is like a diamond You throw your pearls at swine And as I watch you leaving me You pack my peace of mind Our love was like the water That splashes on a stone Our love is like our music Its here, and then its gone So take me to the airport And put me on a plane I got no expectations To pass through here again 
sleep tonight-Rolling Stones[SEP]You better get some sleep tonight You better get some sleep tonight Honey, just warn your friends You better get some sleep tonight  You always watch the sun go down The same old shadows crawl over town Those thoughts of you it shivvers me The moon grows cold in memory  Baby you better get some sleep tonight All you got to do is close your eyes You better get some sleep tonight  I wish you baby, all the best If you turn out like all the rest This darkness baby, it's chilling me Stars store down in sympathy  Baby you better get some sleep tonight All you got to do is close your eyes Baby you better get some sleep tonight  You better get some sleep tonight You better get some sleep tonight Warn all your friends You better keep them out of sight You better get some sleep tonight  They robbed you of your dignity They even steal your heart from me It ain't revenge, you understand Baby I just want to know who dealth this hand  Baby, ah that's alright Baby you better get some sleep tonight All you got to do is close your eyes Baby you better get some sleep tonight You better get some sleep tonight You better get some sleep tonight 
i'm going down-Rolling Stones[SEP]Hey babe, what more can you tell The good lord ring your front door bell Though our love go down, don't cry Though I saw a man, yes I fell in the ground Here we go down now, here we go down There's nothing but the powers that be I know you fine , I know you're right, I know I 'Cos you're going down Oh you're going down  Oh babe, what's your fairy tale The good lord's gonna ring your front door bell... Ah...Shake your face, lose your place Shoot your mother in law, yeah I think I saw her goin' down to Paraiso Mexico Here we go down now, yeah, when you're down There's just nothing but the powers that be I know, oh my, I know you're right, I know You're going down You're going down You're going down, huh huh, yes sir Yes sir you're going down All right it's war Fight your love Shoot your mother in law You got a center floor Lay your hips to the left Keep you problems at your arm's length Spit on the ground, never look around Keep on movin'on up, to be pushed around, Yeah everybody slow down. 
god's plan-Drake[SEP]Yeah, they wishin' and wishin' and wishin' and wishin' They wishin' on me  I been movin' calm, don't start no trouble with me Tryna keep it peaceful is a struggle for me Don't pull up at 6 AM to cuddle with me You know how I like it when you lovin' on me I don't wanna die for them to miss me Yes, I see the things that they wishin' on me Hope I got some brothers that outlive me They gon' tell the story, shit was different with me  God's plan, God's plan I hold back, sometimes I won't (yeah) I feel good, sometimes I don't, ayy, don't I finessed down Weston Road, ayy, 'nessed Might go down a G.O.D., yeah, wait I go hard on Southside G, (yeah, wait) I make sure that north-side eat  And still Bad things It's a lot of bad things That they wishin' and wishin' and wishin' and wishin' They wishin' on me Bad things It's a lot of bad things That they wishin' and wishin' and wishin' and wishin' They wishin' on me Yuh, ayy, ayy  She said, "Do you love me?" I tell her, "Only partly" I only love my bed and my momma, I'm sorry Fifty Dub, I even got it tatted on me 81, they'll bring the crashers to the party And you know me Turn the O2 into the O3, dog Without 40, Oli, there would be no me Imagine if I never met the broskies  God's plan, God's plan I can't do this on my own, ayy, no, ayy Someone watchin' this shit close, yep, close I've been me since Scarlett Road, ayy, road, ayy Might go down as G.O.D., yeah, wait I go hard on Southside G, ayy, wait I make sure that north-side eat And still  Bad things It's a lot of bad things That they wishin' and wishin' and wishin' and wishin' They wishin' on me Yeah, yeah Bad things It's a lot of bad things That they wishin' and wishin' and wishin' and wishin' They wishin' on me Yeah 
one dance-Drake[SEP][Kyla:] Baby, I like your style  [Drake:] Grips on your waist Front way, back way You know that I don't play Streets not safe But I never run away Even when I'm away Oti, oti, there's never much love when we go OT I pray to make it back in one piece I pray, I pray  That's why I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me  [Kyla:] Baby, I like your style  [Drake:] Strength and guidance All that I'm wishing for my friends Nobody makes it from my ends I had to bust up the silence You know you gotta stick by me Soon as you see the text, reply me I don't wanna spend time fighting We've got no time  And that's why I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me  [Wizkid:] Got a pretty girl and she love me long time Wine it, wine it, very long time Oh, yeah, she steady on grindin' Back up, back up, back up and wine it Back up, back up and wine it, girl Back up, back up, back up and wine it Oh, yeah, she steady on grindin' Back up, back up and wine it, girl  [Kyla & Wizkid:] Tell me, I need to know, where do you wanna go? 'Cause if you're down, I'll take it slow Make you lose control Where, where, where Where, where, where, where Oh, yeah, she steady on grindin' Where, where, where Back up, back up and wine it, girl Where, where, where, where 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and  [Drake:] I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me 
american pie-Don McLean[SEP][Intro] A long, long time ago I can still remember how that music used to make me smile And I knew if I had my chance That I could make those people dance And maybe they'd be happy for a while  But February made me shiver With every paper I'd deliver Bad news on the doorstep I couldn't take one more step  I can't remember if I cried When I read about his widowed bride But something touched me deep inside The day the music died  [Chorus:] So bye, bye, Miss American Pie Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry And them good ole boys were drinking whiskey 'n rye Singin' this'll be the day that I die This'll be the day that I die  [Verse 1] Did you write the book of love And do you have faith in God above If the Bible tells you so? Now do you believe in rock and roll? Can music save your mortal soul? And can you teach me how to dance real slow?  Well, I know that you're in love with him 'Cause I saw you dancin' in the gym You both kicked off your shoes Man, I dig those rhythm and blues  I was a lonely teenage broncin' buck With a pink carnation and a pickup truck But I knew I was out of luck The day the music died  [Chorus:] I started singing bye, bye, Miss American Pie Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry Them good ole boys were drinking whiskey 'n rye Singin' this'll be the day that I die This'll be the day that I die  [Verse 2] Now for ten years we've been on our own And moss grows fat on a rollin' stone But that's not how it used to be When the jester sang for the king and queen In a coat he borrowed from James Dean And a voice that came from you and me  Oh, and while the king was looking down The jester stole his thorny crown The courtroom was adjourned No verdict was returned  And while Lenin read a book on Marx The quartet practiced in the park And we sang dirges in the dark The day the music died  [Chorus:] We were singing bye, bye, Miss American Pie Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry Them good ole boys were drinking whiskey 'n rye Singin' this'll be the day that I die This'll be the day that I die  [Verse 3] Helter skelter in a summer swelter The birds flew off with a fallout shelter Eight miles high and falling fast It landed foul on the grass The players tried for a forward pass With the jester on the sidelines in a cast  Now the halftime air was sweet perfume While the sergeants played a marching tune We all got up to dance Oh, but we never got the chance  'Cause the players tried to take the field The marching band refused to yield Do you recall what was revealed The day the music died?  [Chorus:] We started singing bye, bye, Miss American Pie Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry Them good ole boys were drinking whiskey 'n rye And singin' this'll be the day that I die This'll be the day that I die  [Verse 4] Oh, and there we were all in one place A generation lost in space With no time left to start again So come on, Jack be nimble, Jack be quick Jack Flash sat on a candlestick 'Cause fire is the devil's only friend  Oh, and as I watched him on the stage My hands were clenched in fists of rage No angel born in Hell Could break that Satan's spell  And as the flames climbed high into the night To light the sacrificial rite I saw Satan laughing with delight The day the music died  [Chorus:] He was singing bye, bye, Miss American Pie Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry Them good ole boys were drinking whiskey 'n rye And singin' this'll be the day that I die This'll be the day that I die  [Outro] I met a girl who sang the blues And I asked her for some happy news But she just smiled and turned away I went down to the sacred store Where I'd heard the music years before But the man there said the music wouldn't play  And in the streets, the children screamed The lovers cried and the poets dreamed But not a word was spoken The church bells all were broken  And the three men I admire most The Father, Son and the Holy Ghost They caught the last train for the coast The day the music died  [Chorus:] And they were singing bye, bye, Miss American Pie Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry And them good ole boys were drinking whiskey 'n rye Singin' this'll be the day that I die This'll be the day that I die  [Chorus:] They were singing bye, bye, Miss American Pie Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry Them good ole boys were drinking whiskey 'n rye And singin' this'll be the day that I die 
raindrops keep fallin' on my head-B.J. Thomas[SEP]Raindrops are falling on my head And just like the guy whose feet are too big for his bed Nothing seems to fit Those raindrops are falling on my head, they keep falling  So I just did me some talking to the sun And I said I didn't like the way he got things done He's sleeping on the job Those raindrops are falling on my head, they keep fallin'  But there's one thing I know The blues they send to meet me Won't defeat me It won't be long 'till happiness steps up to greet me  Raindrops keep falling on my head But that doesn't mean my eyes will soon be turning red Crying's not for me 'Cause, I'm never gonna stop the rain by complaining  Because I'm free Nothing's worrying me  It won't be long 'till happiness steps up to greet me  Raindrops keep falling on my head But that doesn't mean my eyes will soon be turning red Crying's not for me, 'cause, I'm never gonna stop the rain by complaining  Because I'm free Nothing's worrying me 
i had a dream-Ray Charles[SEP]Well I have a feeling (I had a dream) things ain't goin' right (I had a dream) Come over baby (I had a dream) let me tell you about my dream last night (I had a dream) I dreamed someone else (I had a dream) was here with you (I had a dream) Doing all the things (I had a dream) that I used to do (I had a dream) Please don't let this dream come true (I had a dream) Tell me I'm not losin' you (I had a dream). Baby, say it was a dream (I had a dream, I had a dream)  Well, well you know I came home (I had a dream) and found you gone (I had a dream) I never felt so (I had a dream) so all alone (I had a dream) Oh with your voice (I had a dream) ringin' in my ear (I had a dream) I just could not hold (I had a dream) hold back my tear (I had a dream) Please don't let it come true (I had a dream) Tell me I'm not losin' you (I had a dream). Oh, say it was a dream (I had a dream, I had a dream)  Well, well, well it seems (I had a dream) that you love me no more (I had a dream) I never felt (I had a dream) felt this way before (I had a dream) You were so cold (I had a dream) I wonder why (I had a dream) You didn't care (I had a dream) how much I cried (I had a dream) Baby please don't let it come true (I had a dream) Won't you say that I'm not losin' you (I had a dream).Oh, say it was a dream (I had a dream, I had a dream)  Well, well, you know I begged you (I had a dream) to come back fast (I had a dream) You know without you baby (I had a dream) I know I couldn't last (I had a dream) Oh, but you would not listen (I had a dream) listen to my plea (I had a dream) You turned around (I had a dream) and walked away from me (I had a dream) Now you know you can't let it come true now (I had a dream). Tell me I'm not losin' you (I had a dream). Won't you say it was a dream (I had a dream, I had a dream) 
don't let the sun catch you cryin'-Ray Charles[SEP]Don't let the sun catch you cryin' Cryin' at my front door You done daddy dirty He sure don't want you no more  Don't let the sun catch you lyin' Lyin' at my front door Daddy's done turned salty And baby, you made him so sore  You can cry, cry, cry Yes baby, you can wail Beat your head on the pavement Till the man comes and throws you in jail  Don't let the sun catch you cryin' Cryin' at my front door You done your daddy dirty I tell you, he just don't want you no more  Don't let the sun catch you lyin' Lyin' at my front door Daddy's done turned salty Baby, you made him so sore  Whoa, you know you done me dirty now And I just don't want you no more 
come back baby-Ray Charles[SEP]Oh come back, baby Oh mama please dont go, yeah Cause the way I love you Child you'll never know Oh come back baby, yeah yeah Let's talk it over one more time Oh now now Well I admit, baby That I was wrong Don't you know, baby Child you been gone too long Oh come back baby, yeah yeah Let's talk it over one more time Oh now now Say If I could holler Like a mountain jack Yeah yeah oh people I'd call my baby back Oh come back baby, Woo yeah Let's talk it over one more time Oh now now Now one of these days, baby And It won't be long, yeah You gonna look for me child you know And  I'll be gone So come back baby, yeah yeah Let's talk it over one more time Oh now now 
i surrender dear-Ray Charles[SEP]Pride, sad, splendid liar, Sworn enemy of love Kept my lips from saying Things I was thinking of. But now my pride you've humbled, I've cast it to the winds, Broken, beaten, sick at heart My confession begins.  We've played the game of stay away But it cost more that I can pay. Without you I can't make my way, I surrender, dear. I may seem proud, I may act gay, It's just a pose, I'm not that way, 'Cause deep down in my heart I say I surrender, dear. Little mean things we were doing Must have been part of the game, Lending a spice to the wooing, But I don't care who's to blame. When stars appear And shadows fall, Why then you'll hear My poor heart call, To you my love, my life, my all I surrender, dear.  We've played the game of stay away But it cost more that I can pay. Without you I can't make my way, I surrender, dear. I may seem proud, I may act gay, It's just a pose, I'm not that way, 'Cause deep down in my heart I say I surrender, dear. Little mean things we were doing Must have been part of the game, Lending a spice to the wooing, But I don't care who's to blame. When stars appear And shadows fall, Why then you'll hear My poor heart call, To you my love, my life, my all 
moon over miami-Ray Charles[SEP]Moon over miami, Shine on my love and me, So we can stroll beside the roll, Of the rolling sea.  Moon over miami, Shine on as we begin, A dream or two that may come true, When the tide comes in. Hark to the song of the smiling troubadours, Hark to the throbbing guitars, Hear how the waves offer thunderous applause, After each song to the stars. Moon over miami, You know we're waiting for, A little love, A little kiss On miami shore. 
what'd i say (parts 1 & 2)-Ray Charles[SEP]Hey mama, don't you treat me wrong Come and love your daddy all night long All right now, hey hey, all right See the girl with the diamond ring She knows how to shake that thing All right now now now, hey hey, hey hey Tell your mama, tell your pa I'm gonna send you back to Arkansas Oh yes, ma'm, you don't do right, don't do right Aw, play it boy When you see me in misery Come on baby, see about me Now yeah, all right, all right, aw play it, boy When you see me in misery Come on baby, see about me Now yeah, hey hey, all right See the girl with the red dress on She can do the Birdland all night long  Yeah yeah, what'd I say, all right Well, tell me what'd I say, yeah Tell me what'd I say right now Tell me what'd I say Tell me what'd I say right now Tell me what'd I say Tell me what'd I say yeah  And I wanna know Baby I wanna know right now And-a I wanna know And I wanna know right now yeah And-a I wanna know Said I wanna know yeah  [Spoken:] Hey, don't quit now! (c'mon honey) Naw, I got, I uh-uh-uh, I'm changing (stop! stop! we'll do it again) Wait a minute, wait a minute, oh hold it!  Hold it!  Hold it! Hey (hey) ho (ho) hey (hey) ho (ho) hey (hey) ho (ho) hey Oh one more time (just one more time) Say it one more time right now (just one more time) Say it one more time now (just one more time) Say it one more time yeah (just one more time) Say it one more time (just one more time) Say it one more time yeah (just one more time)  Hey (hey) ho (ho) hey (hey) ho (ho) hey (hey) ho (ho) hey Ah! Make me feel so good (make me feel so good) Make me feel so good now yeah (make me feel so good) Woah! Baby (make me feel so good) Make me feel so good yeah (make me feel so good) Make me feel so good (make me feel so good) Make me feel so good yeah (make me feel so good) Huh (huh) ho (ho) huh (huh) ho (ho) huh (huh) ho (ho) huh Awh it's all right (baby it's all right) Said that it's all right right now (baby it's all right) Said that it's all right (baby it's all right) Said that it's all right yeah (baby it's all right) Said that it's all right (baby it's all right) Said that it's all right (baby it's all right)  Woah! Shake that thing now (baby shake that thing) Baby shake that thing now now (baby shake that thing) Baby shake that thing (baby shake that thing) Baby shake that thing right now (baby shake that thing) Baby shake that thing (baby shake that thing) Baby shake that thing (baby shake that thing) Woah! I feel all right now yeah (make me feel all right) Said I feel all right now (make me feel all right) Woooah! (make me feel all right) Tell you I feel all right (make me feel all right) Said I feel all right (make me feel all right) Baby I feel all right (make me feel all right) 
tell me you'll wait for me-Ray Charles[SEP]I'll always love you the same old way No matter what may come between Just send me a smile Once in a lonely while Tell me, you'll wait for me  How can I forget you starry eyes You hair when its lit by the moonlit skies Just keep that smile in you Til I come home to you Tell me, you'll wait for me  You're the one, you're the one Whom I love, and care so much for But now, til it ends, I'll just wish to be near Caressing you dear  I'll always dream of dreams with you Those things we meant to say and do Keep them a glow Someday we'll make them so And tell me, you'll wait for me  I'll always dream of dreams with you Those things we meant to say and do Keep them a glow Someday we'll make them so Tell me, you'll wait for me 
mississippi mud-Ray Charles[SEP]When the sun goes down, the tide goes out, the people gather round and they all begin to shout.  Hey, Hey Uncle Dud  It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi Mud. It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi Mud.  What a dance do they do. Lordy how I'm tellin' you. They don't need no band. They keep time by clapping their hands. Just as happy as a cow chewin' on a cud.  It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi Mud.  Lordy how they play it. Goodness how they sway it.  Uncle Joe, uncle Jim! How they pound that mire with vigor and vim.  Joy it nearly kill me. Boy that music trills me.  What a show when they go. Say they beat it up either fast or slow. 
basin street blues-Ray Charles[SEP]Basin Street, Basin Street That's the place where my friends all meet Down in New Orleans, in that land of dreams And you don't know how nice it seems  It's dear to me, yes-sirree And that's the place I'm so longing to be Where I can lose These old Basin Street blues  No, Basin Street, my Basin Street Where the young and the old folk meet Down in New Orleans, in that land of dreams You don't know how nice it really seems  But it's dear to me, yes-sirree And that's the place I'm so longing to be Where maybe I can lose These old Basin Street blues  And oh, well I'm talkin' 'bout Basin Street, Basin Street Where the folk who know what's happenin' meet Down in New Orleans, in the land of dreams  And you don't know how nice it seems Or just how it really means  Dear to me, yes-sirree It's dear to me, yes-sirree Can't you see why I'm gonna lose These old Basin Street blues  Oh, I wanna go where I can lose These old Basin Street blues Oh yeah 
early autumn-Ray Charles[SEP]When an early autumn walks the land and chills the breeze And touches with her hand the summer trees, Perhaps you'll understand what memories I own. There's a dance pavilion in the rain all shuttered down, A winding country lane all russet brown, A frosty window pane shows me a town grown lonely. That spring of ours that started so April-hearted, Seemed made for just a boy and girl. I never dreamed, did you, any fall would come in view So early, early. Darling if you care, please, let me know, I'll meet you anywhere, I miss you so. Let's never have to share another early autumn. 
one mint julep-Ray Charles[SEP]One early morning as I was walking I met a woman, we started talking I took her home to get a few nips But all I had was a mint julep  I don't remember just how I started I only know that we should have parted I stole a kiss and then another I didn't mean to take it further One mint julep was the cause of it all  The lights were burning low, there in the parlor When through the kitchen door up popped her father He said, "I saw you when you kissed my daughter Better wed her right now, or face a slaughter" I didn't know just what I was doing, I had to marry or face ruin  A mint julep, a mint julep A mint julep, a mint julep One mint julep was the cause of it all  Now, I don't want to bore you with my troubles But from now on I'll be thinking double I'm through with flirting and drinking whiskey I got six extra children from a-getting frisky  A mint julep, a mint julep A mint julep, a mint julep One mint julep was the cause of it all 
california, here i come-Ray Charles[SEP]California here I come, Right back where I started from, Where bowers and flowers bloom in the sun, Each morning at dawning birdies sing and everything. A sun kissed miss said "Don't be late." Thats why I can hardly wait, So open up those Golden gate California here I COME! 
alexander's ragtime band-Ray Charles[SEP]Come on and hear Come on and hear Alexander's Ragtime Band, Come on and hear Come on and hear , it's the best band in the land!  They can play a bugle call like you never heard before, So natural that you want to go to war That's just the bestest band in the land, Honey Lamb!  Come on along, Come on along, let me take you by the hand Up to the Man, Up to the man who's the leader of the band, And if you want to hear the Swanee River played in ragtime Come on and hear, Come on and hear , Alexander's Ragtime Band! 
ray's blues-Ray Charles[SEP]Well, have you ever woke up in the morning sometimes Just about the break of day Well, have you ever woke up in the morning sometimes Just about the break of day Reach over and feel the pillow, baby, where your sweet man used to lay  Well baby, it's so lonesome by myself Well, it's so lonesome, baby Tired sleeping all by myself Well, I don't want nobody but my baby Shouting, my baby's loving somebody else  Oh baby Won't you please hear my plea? Hallelujah, I said, oh, oh baby Won't you please hear my plea? Well, wherever you may be, darling Bring your fine self home to me 
gee, baby, ain't i good to you?-Ray Charles[SEP]Love makes me treat you the way that I do Baby, ain't I good to you Nothing in this world too good for a girl so good and true Whoa, baby, ain't I good to you I bought you a fur coat for Christmas And a diamond ring, yes I did And a big Cadillac car, and everything What makes me treat you the way that I do It must be love baby That's why I'm so good to you  I bought you a fur coat for Christmas And a diamond ring, And a great big Eldorado, and everything It must be love that makes me treat you the way that I do Gee, Baby ain't I good to you 
dream (when you're feeling blue)-Ray Charles[SEP]Get in touch with that sundown fellow As he tiptoes across the sand He's got a million kinds of stardust Pick your fav'rite brand, and Dream, when you're feeling blue Dream, that's the thing to do Just watch the smoke rings rise in the air You'll find your share of memories there So dream when the day is through Dream, and they might come true Things never are as bad as they seem So dream, dream, dream  [Instrumental]  Dream when the day is through Dream, and they might come true Things never are as bad as they seem So dream, dream, dream Dream So dream, dream, dream 
ol' man river-Ray Charles[SEP]Here we all work 'long the Mississippi Here we all work while the white folk play Pullin' them boats From the dawn till sunset Gettin' no rest till the judgment day  Don't look up and don't look down You Don't das make the boss man frown Bend your knees and bow your head And pull that rope until your Dead  Let me go 'way from the Mississippi Let me go 'way from the white man boss Show me that stream Called the River Jordan That's the old stream that I long to cross.  Ol' Man River, that Ol' Man River  He don't say nothin', but he must know somethin' He just keeps rollin', he keeps on rollin' along  He Don't plant tatters, and he don't plant cotton And them what plants em, are soon forgotten But Ol' Man River, just keeps rollin' along  You and me, we sweat and strain Body all achin' and racked with Pain Tote that barge and lift that bail You get a little drunk and you lands in jail  I gets weary, And sick of trying I'm tired of livin', but I'm scared of dyin' But Ol' Man River, he just keeps 
swanee river rock (talkin' 'bout that river)-Ray Charles[SEP]Do you know way down (Way down) Way down upon the Swanee (Swanee) Talkin' 'bout the river (River)  You know was so far (So far) So far away (So far away) (Oh, yeah)  Do you know that's where (That's where) Where my heart is turnin', ohh (Turnin') Ever  And there's where (There's where) There's where the old folks stay (Where the old folks stay)  All the world is sad And lonely now Everywhere I roam Keep until you're mine darlin' (Darlin')  How my heart is going sad (So sad) So sad and lonely  Because I'm so far (So far) I'm far from my folks back home (From my folks back home)  All the world is sad And lonely now Everywhere I roam Keep until you're mine darlin' (Darlin') How my heart is going sad (So sad) So sad and lonely  Because I'm so far (So far) So far from my folks back home, yeah I'm far from my folks back home, yeah So far from my folks back home, yeah Oh, far from my folks back home, yeah 
mr. charles' blues-Ray Charles[SEP]Baby we went last winter And the ground was covered with snow Yes we went last winter baby And the ground was covered with snow Oh now, I didn't have no money in my pocket darling Shouted I didn't have no place to go  Well it seems like I was going crazy sometime I didn't know what to do Yes it seems like I was going crazy sometime Baby I didn't know what to do Yeah, I wake up in the morning Shout and laid down with the blues  Well I finally got a break baby Yes and things are coming my way Yeah, I finally got a break baby Yes and things are coming my way I've got money in my pocket darling Yes I can change clothes everyday 
the midnight hour-Ray Charles[SEP]The midnight hour has found me lonely So unhappy as I can be You left me, yes you left me without a love  Gave you my lovin, everything I owned That's why it's so shockin' to find you've gone It's getting me, it's hard to be, without a love  Haven't had no lovin' now since you know when The way it's got me baby, you know, it's a sin I haven't got no money and I've lost my friend All because I fell for you  I don't know why I have to worry When you left me in a hurry You've gone and I'm alone without a love  Please believe me, you know I care I'd follow you most anywhere But now you've gone and I'm alone, without a love 
losing hand-Ray Charles[SEP]I gambled on your love baby and got a losing hand I gambled on your love baby and got a losing hand Your ways keep changing like the shifting desert sand  While I was playing fair baby, you played a cheating game While I was playing fair baby, you played a cheating game I know you don't care, but I love you just the same  I thought I'd be your king baby, yes and you could be my queen I thought I'd be your king baby, yes and you could be my queen But you used me for your joker ´cause I thought you're deal was clean  The way you did me pretty baby, I declare I never understand The way you did me pretty baby, I declare I never understand I gambled on your love baby and got a losing hand 
move it on over-Ray Charles[SEP]Came in last night at half past ten That baby of mine wouldn't let me in Get it on over (move it on over) Move it on over (move it on over) Move over little dog 'cause the big dog's moving in  She's changed the lock on our front door My door key don't fit no more So get it on over (move it on over) Move it on over (move it on over) Move over good dog 'cause the bad dog's moving in  This dog house here is mighty small But it's better than no house at all So skid it on over (move it on over) Move it on over (move it on over) Move over old dog 'cause a new dog's moving in  Now listen here pup, before you whine That side's yours and this side's mine So shove it on over (move it on over) I said move it on over (move it on over) Move over cold dog 'cause a hot dog's moving in Move over skinny dog 'cause a fat dog's moving in Move over cold dog 'cause a hot dog's moving in Let's go home 
my bonnie-Ray Charles[SEP]My bonnie lies over the ocean, My bonnie lies over the sea, My bonnie lies over the ocean, well, yeah Why don't you bring (bring her back) Whoa, bring her (bring her back) Whoa, bring her (bring her back) Bring her (bring her back) You oughta bring back Bring my bonnie back to me. (my bonnie back to me) I said bring back, (bring back) Bring her back, right now (bring back) Come on, and bring back Bring my Bonnie back to me (whoa) whoa (whoa) whoa (whoa) Whoa! Bring (bring back) Bring her back please, now (bring back) Well, bring back Bring my Bonnie back to me (my bonnie back to me) (David Fathead Newman sax solo) Last night as I lay on my pillow, Last night as I lay on my bed, Last night as I lay on my pillow, well, let me tell you now You know I dreamed (yes I did) Well I dreamed (yes I did) Whoa I dreamed now (yes I did) Whoa-oh I dreamed (yes I did) You know I dreamed that Dreamed my little bonnie was dead. (my little bonnie was dead) I said bring (bring back) Oh-oh, sing it children (bring back) Well, bring back Bring my Bonnie back to me (whoa) whoa (whoa) whoa (whoa) Whoa! (bring back) Whoa-oh, bring it back (bring back) Please, bring her back right now Bring back Bring my Bonnie back to me (my bonnie back to me) 
roll with my baby-Ray Charles[SEP]Went to see my sweetheart Last night around about ten She said, "Home sweet, Papa" Squeeze me every now and then  I'll keep rolling with my baby I'll keep rolling with my baby I'll keep rolling with my baby 'Cause she's sweet that way  We went out to a movie Stop in the very last row We hadn't been there a good five minutes Before she's ready to go  I had to roll with my baby I had to roll with my baby I had to roll with my baby 'Cause she's sweet that way  I've got a quarter, a nickel and a dime Can't buy me no whiskey I guess I'll have to settle for wine And then I can  Roll with my baby I know I can roll with my baby I'm sure I can roll with my baby 'Cause she's sweet that way  She's such a sweet woman I'll never let her go 'Cause deep down inside of me Lord knows I love her so  I'll keep rolling with my baby I'll keep rolling with my baby I'll keep rolling with my baby 'Cause she's sweet that way 
ev'ry time we say goodbye-Ray Charles[SEP]Everytime we say goodbye, I die a little, Everytime we say goodbye, I wonder why a little, Why the Gods above me, who must be in the know. Think so little of me, they allow you to go. When you're near, there's such an air of spring about it, I can hear a lark somewhere, begin to sing about it,  There's no love song finer, but how strange the change from major to Minor, Everytime we say goodbye. When you're near, there's such an air of spring about it, I can hear a lark somewhere, begin to sing about it, There's no love song finer, but how strange the change from major to Minor, Everytime we say goodbye. 
alabamy bound-Ray Charles[SEP]I'm Alabamy bound, there'll be no Jeebie Jeebies hangin' 'round. Just give the meanest ticket man on earth All I'm worth, to put my tootsies in an upper birth. Just hear the choo choo sound, I know that Soon we're goin' to cover ground, and then I'll holler, so the world will know, Here I come, I'm Alabamy Bound, 
sinner's prayer-Ray Charles[SEP]Lord have mercy, Lord have mercy on me. Lord have mercy, Lord have mercy on me. Well if I've done somebody wrong, Lord, have mercy if you please.  I used to have plenty of money, the finest clothes in town, But bad luck and trouble overtaken me, bound to get me down. Please have mercy, Lord have mercy on me. Well if I've done somebody wrong, Lord, have mercy if you please.  Keep on working now, child. Lord every morning.  Well if I've been a bad boy, baby, I declare I'll change my ways. I don't want bad luck and trouble to follow me all my days. Please have mercy, Lord have mercy on me. Well if I've done somebody wrong, Lord, have mercy if you please. 
baby grand(2005 reissue bonus track)-Ray Charles[SEP]Late at night when it's dark and cold I reach out for someone to hold When I'm blue, when I'm lonely She comes through  She's the only one who can My baby grand is all I need  In my time I've wandered everywhere Around this world, she would always be there Any day, any hour All it takes  Is the power in my hands This baby grand's been good to me Alright?  (Alright)  I've had friends, oh, but they've slipped away And I've had fame, but it doesn't stay I've made fortunes, spent them fast enough As for women  They don't last with just one man But my baby grand is gonna stand by me  Oh, they say that no one's gonna play this on the radio (What? I don't believe that) They said melancholy blues were dead and gone But only songs like these, played in minor keys Keep those memories holding on  I've come far from the life I strayed in And I've got the scars from those dives I played in  Now I'm home and I'm weary And in my bones  Every dreary one night stand My baby grand is coming home with me, with me Ever since this gig began My baby grand's been good to me 
stella by starlight-Ray Charles[SEP]The song a robin sings Through years of endless springs The murmur of a brook at even tide That ripples by a nook where two lovers hide  A great symphonic theme That's Stella by starlight and not a dream Mmm, my heart and I agree She's everything on Earth to me  (The murmur of a brook at even tide) (That ripples by a nook where two lovers hide)  A great symphonic theme That's Stella by starlight and not a dream Oh, my heart and I agree She's everything on Earth to me (on  Earth to me) 
emily-Ray Charles[SEP]Emily, Emily, Emily Has the murmuring sound of May All silver bells, coral shells, carousels And the laughter of children at play They say "Emily, Emily, Emily" And we fade to a marvelous view Two lovers alone and out of sight Seeing images in the firelight As my eyes visualize a family They see dreamily, Emily  [Instrumental Break]  Two lovers alone and out of sight Seeing images in the firelight As my eyes visualize a family They see dreamily, Emily 
black coffee-Ray Charles[SEP]I'm feelin' mighty lonesome Haven't slept a wink I walk the floor an' watch the door In between I drink Black coffee  Love's a hand-me-down room I'll never know a Sunday In this weekday room.  Been talkin' to the shadows One o'clock ‘til four An' Lord how slow the moments go When all ya do is pour Black coffee  Since the blues caught my eye I'm hangin' out on Monday My Sunday dreams to dry.  You know a man is born to love a woman To work and slave to pay her debts Just because he's only human To drown his past regrets In coffee and cigarettes.  I'm moonin' all the mornin' Mournin' all the night In between it's nicotine Not much heart to fight Black coffee  Feelin' low as the ground I'm  waitin' for my baby To maybe come around.  Gonna drown my past regrets In some coffee and a few cigarettes.  I'm moonin' all the mornin' Mournin' all the night In between it's nicotine And not much heart to fight Black coffee  Feeling low as the ground It's driving me crazy! Just waitin' for my baby To maybe come around. Please come around Please come 
give it back to the indians-Ray Charles[SEP]Old Peter Minuet had nothing to lose when he bought the isle of Manhatten For twenty-six dollars and a bottle of booze and they threw in the Bronx and Staten Pete thought that he had the best of the bargin but the poor red man just grinned, And he grunted "ugh!" meaning okay in his jargon for he knew poor Pete was skinned. We've tried to run the city....but the city ran away... And now Peter Minuet We can't continue it... Broadway's turning into Coney, Champagne Charlie's drinking gin, Old New York is new and phony Give it back to the Indians! Two cents more to smoke a Lucky, Dodging busses keep you thin, Now New York is simply ducky, Give it back to the Indians! Take all the reds, on the boxes made for soap Whites on Fifth Avenue Blues down in Wall Street losing hope.. Big bargain today...Chief take it away! Come you busted city slickers, Better take it on the chin Father Nick has lost his knickers Give it back to the Indians!  [Instrumental Break]  Take all the reds, on the boxes made for soap Whites on Fifth Avenue Blues down in Wall Street losing hope.. Big bargain today...Chief take it away! Come you busted city slickers, Better take it on the chin Father Nick has lost his knickers Give it back to the Indians! Correction by Arthur 
chattanooga choo choo-Ray Charles[SEP]Hey there, pal, whatcha say? Step aside partner, it's my day Bend an ear and listen to my version (Of a really solid, Tennessee excursion) Pardon me boys, is that the Chattanooga Choo Choo? (Yes Yes) Track 29! Boy you can give me a shine (Can you afford to board, the Chattanooga Choo Choo?) I've got my fare And just a trifle to spare You leave the Pennsylvania station 'bout a quarter to four Read a magazine and then you're in Baltimore Dinner in the diner, nothing could be finer (then to have your ham and eggs in Carolina) When you hear the whistle blowing eight to the bar Then you know that Tennessee is not very far Shuffle all the coal in Gotta keep it rollin' (Whoo Whoo Chattanooga there you are) There's gonna be, a certain party at the station Satin and Lace I used to call funny face She's gonna cry Until I tell her that I'll never roam (So Chattanooga Choo Choo) Won't you choo choo me home. Get aboard... All aboard... Chattanooga choo choo Wont you choo choo me home 
new york's my home-Ray Charles[SEP]There's a rumour going around That some of you good people Want to leave this town  But you better consult me before you go (Why?) Cos I've been in all these places And I know  (Chicago) Chicago's all right It's got the Wrigley Field and Soldier's Field and Marshall Field And it's on a nice lake  But it hasn't got The hansoms in the park It hasn't got a skyline after dark  That's why New York's my home Never let me leave it New York's my home, sweet home  (What about Hollywood) Hollywood's got movie stars and Movie czars and cocktail bars and Shiny cars and a wonderful climate, they say  But it hasn't got The handy subway train You seldom find a taxi When it rains  That's why New York's my home Keep your California New York's my home, sweet home  (Geez, what's happening in St.Louis) Lots of people like St.Louis It's got lots of shoes And the St.Louis blues and One of our larger rivers runs by  But it hasn't got the opera in The Met It hasn't got a famous string quartet  That's why New York's my home No, not a place to visit New York's my home, sweet home  (San Francisco) San Francisco is a lovely place It's got lots of hills And lots of thrills and it's On an ocean of some size  But it hasn't got The Bowery or The Bronx It hasn't got the Harlem honkytonks  That's why New York's my home Yeah, it's my favorite city New York's my home, sweet home  So, save your time and trouble I say save your railroad fare I said save your time and trouble, brother Save your railroad fare  Cause when you leave New York Let me say, you ain't going nowhere 
falling in love with love-Ray Charles[SEP]I weave with brightly colored strings To keep my mind off other things So, ladies, let your fingers Dance And keep your hands out of romance Lovely witches Let the stitches Keep your fingers under Control Cut the thread, but leave The whole heart whole Merrry maids can sew and sleep Wives can only Sew and weep Falling in love with love Is falling for make-believe Falling in love with love Is Playing the fool Caring too much is juvenile fancy Learning to trust is just For children in school I Fell in love with love one night When the moon was full I was unwise with eyes Unable to see I fell In love with love With love everlasting But love fell out with me 
what would i do without you-Ray Charles[SEP]What Would I Do (Without You) (Candy and flowers) For my Valentine (Minutes and hours) You stay on my mind (Romance and love songs) I'm down on my knees (Promise me you'll belong) Oh to only me  But that's just a start What I'm trying to say I'd give you my heart But it's yours anyway  What would I do without you To me you're the meaning of The meaning of love And I'll always be true Forever with you It just isn't long enough What would I do Without You (I love only you) And nobody else (With feelings so new) Like I've never felt (Come hold my hand) Aw, get all closer to me (Cause you understand) How true love should be  But that's just a start What I'm trying to say I'd give you my heart But it's yours anyway  What would I do without you To me you're the meaning of The meaning of love And I'll always be true Forever with you, yeah It just isn't long enough What would I do Without.....  Your kisses and your tender touch I love you I love you I love you so much Baby there's something I want you to know I'm gonna die if you ever go  What would I do without you To me you're the meaning of The meaning of love And I'll always be true Forever with you It just isn't long enough What would I do Without You What would I do without you To me you're the meaning of The meaning of love And I'll always be true Forever with you Forever's not long enough What would I do Without You What would I do (yeah) 
too hard to love you-Ray Charles[SEP]Well, I'm going down to the station Leaving on the midnight train I ain't coming back here ever again Baby, did you hear what I'm sayin'  You're making it too hard to love you You're making it too hard To make enough money for you I can't keep on buying your love, woman I can't make enough money for you I can't make enough money for you  Well, I'm working all day like a prisoner Sweating for the overtime, babe By the time I get home you're messin' around Spending all that money away  You're making it too hard to love you, girl You're making it too hard To make enough money for you I can't keep on buying your love, baby I can't make enough money for you I can't make enough money for you  Well, I heard that whistle blow I have nothing else on my mind I've got one foot standing up next to the track The other one waiting behind  You're making it too hard to love you, girl You're making it too hard, babe To make enough money for you I can't keep on buying your love, but girl, no I can't make enough money for you... 
moonlight in vermont-Ray Charles[SEP]Pennies in a stream Falling leaves, a sycamore Moonlight in Vermont  Icy finger-waves Ski trails on a mountainside Snowlight in Vermont  Telegraph cables, they sing down the highway And travel each bend in the road People who meet in this romantic setting Are so hypnotized by the lovely...  Ev'ning summer breeze Warbling of a meadowlark Moonlight in Vermont  Telegraph cables, how they sing down the highway And they travel each bend in the road People who meet in this romantic setting Are so hypnotized by the lovely...  Ev'ning summer breeze The warbling of a meadowlark Moonlight in Vermont You and I and Moonlight in Vermont 
georgia on my mind-Ray Charles[SEP]Georgia, Georgia The whole day through (the whole day through) Just an old sweet song Keeps Georgia on my mind (Georgia on my mind)  I said Georgia, Georgia A song of you (a song of you) Comes as sweet and clear As moonlight through the pines  Other arms reach out to me Other eyes smile tenderly Still in peaceful dreams I see The road leads back to you  I said Georgia, oh Georgia No peace I find (peace I find) Just an old sweet song Keeps Georgia on my mind (Georgia on my mind)  Other arms reach out to me Other eyes smile tenderly Still in peaceful dreams I see The road leads back to you  Woah, Georgia, Georgia No peace, no peace I find Just an old, sweet song Keeps Georgia on my mind (Georgia on my mind)  I said just an old sweet song Keeps Georgia on my mind 
smack dab in the middle-Ray Charles[SEP]Pick me a town in any clime Where people like, a rockin' time And stay awake both day and night Till everybody's feelin good an' right  Then throw me (Smack dab in the middle) I wanna be (Smack dab in the middle) Ahh, smack dab in the middle, boys now So I can rock and roll to satisfy my soul  Ten Cadillacs, a diamond mill Ten suits of clothes to dress to kill A ten room house, some barbecue And fifty chicks not over twenty-two  Then throw me (Smack dab in the middle) Oh, I wanna be (Smack dab in the middle) Ahh, now boys you can see why I wanna be smack dab in the middle now So I can rock and roll to satisfy my soul  One hundred beds with chorus girls A street that's paved with natural pearls A wagon load of bonds and stocks Then open up the door at Fort Knox  Then throw me (Smack dab in the middle) I wanna be (Smack dab in the middle) Ahh, now listen boys throw me smack dab in the middle right now So Ray can rock and roll to satisfy his soul  That's all right!  A lot of bread and gangs of meat Oodles of butter and somethin' sweet Gallons of coffee to wash it down Bicarbonated soda by the pound  Then throw me (Smack dab in the middle) Ah, picture it (Smack dab in the middle) Ahh, throw me now, smack dab in the middle right now So I can rock and roll to satisfy my soul  Alright! 
nobody cares-Ray Charles[SEP]Well nobody loves me, baby Nobody seems to care Well nobody loves me, babe Nobody seems to care Well, ever since my mother passed Nothin' but misery everywhere  Well I ain't got no money, baby And my best friends have put me down Hallelujah, I said I ain't got no money, baby And my best friends have put me down, oh Lord Well, all of my good-time buddies Don't even come around  Well, if you listen to me, baby Maybe I could find a new life in you Well, if you listen to me, baby child Maybe I could find a new life in you Well, if you'll be mine forever, baby Child, I never can be blue 
over the rainbow-Ray Charles[SEP]Somewhere over the rainbow Way up high There's a land, that I heard of once In a lullaby  Somewhere over the rainbow Skies are blue And the dreams that you dare to dream Really do come true  Some day, I'll wish upon a star And wake up where the clouds are far behind me Where troubles melt like lemon drops Way up above the chimney tops Thats where you'll find me  I know somewhere over the rainbow The blue birds fly Birds fly over the rainbow Why then, oh why can't I  Oh, somewhere over the rainbow Blue birds fly Birds fly over the rainbow Why and why can't I 
in the evening (when the sun goes down)-Ray Charles[SEP]In the evenin', in the evenin', Mama when the sun go down In the evenin', darlin', I declare when the sun go down Yeah, it's so lonesome, it's so lonesome, sometimes I declare when the one you love is not around When the sun go down  Last night, I were layin' sleepin' I declare, I was sleepin' all by myself Last night, I were layin' sleepin', darlin' And I declare it was all by myself Yeah but the one that I was really in love with I declare she was sleepin' some place else When the sun go down  Yeah, ooh Yeah, ooh And I just, suddenly I wanted baby Everybody could have a good time before me When the sun go down  The sun rises in the east And I declare it sets way over in the west Sun rises in the east, darlin' And I declare it sets way over in the west Yes it's so hard, it's so hard to tell I declare which one that'll treat you the best When the sun go down  So goodbye, old sweethearts and pals Yes I declare I'm goin' away I may be back to see you again Little girl some old rainy day Yes in the evenin', in the evenin' I declare when the sun go down When the sun go down 
hit the road jack-Ray Charles[SEP](Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more) (Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more) What you say? (Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more) (Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more)  Woah Woman, oh woman, don't treat me so mean You're the meanest old woman that I've ever seen I guess if you said so I'd have to pack my things and go (That's right)  (Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more) (Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more) What you say? (Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more) (Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more)  Now baby, listen baby, don't ya treat me this-a way Cause I'll be back on my feet some day (Don't care if you do 'cause it's understood) (You ain't got no money you just ain't no good) Well, I guess if you say so I'd have to pack my things and go (That's right)  (Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more) (Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more) What you say? (Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more) (Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more)  Well (Don't you come back no more) Uh, what you say? (Don't you come back no more) I didn't understand you (Don't you come back no more) You can't mean that (Don't you come back no more) Oh, now baby, please (Don't you come back no more) What you tryin' to do to me? (Don't you come back no more) Oh, don't treat me like that (Don't you come back no more) 
glow worm-Ray Charles[SEP]Shine little glow-worm, glimmer, glimmer. Shine little glow-worm, glimmer, glimmer. Lead us lest too far we wander. Love's sweet voice is calling yonder. Shine little glow-worm, glimmer, glimmer. Hey, there don't get dimmer, dimmer. Light the path below, above. And lead us on to love!  Glow little glow-worm, fly of fire. Glow like an incandescent wire. Glow for the female of the species. Turn on the AC and the DC. This night could use a little brightnin'. Light up you little ol' bug of lightnin'. When you gotta glow, you gotta glow.  Glow little glow-worm, glow. Glow little glow-worm, glow and glimmer. Swim through the sea of night, little swimmer. Thou aeronautical boll weevil. Illuminate yon woods primeval. See how the shadows deepen, darken. You and your chick should get to sparkin'. I got a gal that I love so.  Glow little glow-worm, glow. Glow little glow-worm, turn the key on. You are equipped with taillight neon. You got a cute vest-pocket mazda. Which you can make both slow and faster. I don't know who you took a shine to. Or who you're out to make a sign to. I got a gal that I love so. Glow little glow-worm, glow. 
i can't stop loving you-Ray Charles[SEP](I can't stop loving you) I've made up my mind To live in memory of the lonesome times (I can't stop wanting you) It's useless to say So I'll just live my life in dreams of yesterday (Dreams of yesterday) Those happy hours that we once knew Tho' long ago, they still make me blue They say that time heals a broken heart But time has stood still since we've been apart  (I can't stop loving you) I've made up my mind To live in memories of the lonesome times (I can't stop wanting you) It's useless to say So I'll just live my life in dreams of yesterday (Those happy hours) Those happy hours (That we once knew) That we once knew (Tho' long ago) Tho' long ago (Still make me blue) Still ma-a-a-ake me blue (They say that time) They say that time (Heals a broken heart) Heals a broken heart (But time has stood still) Time has stood still (Since we've been apart) Since we've been apart  (I can't stop loving you) I said I made up my mind To live in memory of the lonesome times (Sing a song, children) (I can't stop wanting you) It's useless to say So I'll just live my life of dreams of yesterday (Of yesterday) 
margie-Ray Charles[SEP]My little Margie I'm always thinking of you, Margie I'll tell the world I love you so So don't forget your promise to me I have bought a home and ring and everything  For Margie You are my inspiration Days are never blue After all is said and done There is really only one And Margie, Margie it's you  After all is said and done There is really only one And Margie, Oh Margie, Margie it's you, you, you 
ev'rything i've got-Ray Charles[SEP]Don't stamp your foot at me, It's impolite To stamp your foot at me Is not quite right. At man's ingratitude A woman winks, But such an attitude just stinks.  I have eyes for you to give you dirty looks. I have words that do not come from children's books There's a trick with a knife I'm learning to do And ev'rything I've got belongs to you. I've a powerful anesthesia in my fist, And the perfect wrist to give your neck atwist. There are hammerlock holds, I've mastered a few, And ev'rything I've got belongs to you. Share for share, share alike, You get struck each time I strike. You for me- me for me- I'll give you plenty of nothing. I'm not yours for better but for worse, And I've learned to give the well-known witches' curse. I've a terrible tongue, a temper for two, And ev'rything I've got belongs to you.  Don't raise your voice at me, That's very rude. To raise your voice at me Is rather crude. It's wrong essentially when woman yells, And confidentially, it smells.  I'll converse with you on politics at length, I'll protect you with my superhuman strength. If you're ever attacked I'll scream and say, "Boo!'' And ev'rything I've got belongs to you. I will never stray from home, I'll just stay put, 'Cause I've got a brand-new thing called athlete' s foot. I'm a victim of colds, anemia, too, And ev'rything I've got belongs to you. Off to bed we will creep, Then we'll sleep and sleep and sleep Till the birds start to peep. I'll give you plenty of nothing. I'll be yours forever and a day If the first good breeze does not blow me away. You're enough for one man, that's why I'll be true, And ev'rything I've got belongs to you.  You may have some things that I can't use at all. When I look at you, your manly gifts are small. I've a wonderful way of saying adieu, And ev'rything I've got belongs to you. You won't know how good I am until you try And you'll let my well of loneliness run dry. I've a marvelous way of telling you no, And ev'rything I've got belongs to you. And ev'rything you want belongs to me! And ev' rything you need belongs to me!  Life has no shape or form And no design. It isn't life without That fool of mine. I used to gad about With any chap And now I'm sad about my sap.  He's a living thing that isn't quite alive, He has brains enough for any child of five. Oh, he isn't too rich in vigor and vim, But ev'rything I've got belongs to him. He's a naughty brat that can't be left alone. He has eyes for ev'ry skirt except my own. Even under a tree, he grabs for the limb, But ev'rything I've got belongs to him. Something beats in his chest, But it's just a pump at best. I'm for him, he's for him. He gives me plenty of nothing. When I see that funny face, I know Something scared his mother twenty years ago. But I'll never let go, he'll never be free! Till ev'rything he's got belongs to me!  And ev'rything I've got belongs to him! And ev'rything I've got belongs to us! 
two old cats like us-Ray Charles[SEP][Charles:] Hey, I like to do a little rockin' [Williams:] Ray, I get a little rowdy myself [Williams:] See if you can sing the high part, brother [Charles:] Hank, I can if you give me some help  [Both:] 'Cause we're the kind when we set our minds We're gonna do it or bust Hey, we ain't half bad for two old cats like us  [Williams:] There ain't nothin' like honky tonk music [Charles:] Now [Williams:] When you get an itching to play  [Charles:] And singing those songs like 'Hey, Good Lookin' [Charles:] And 'Baby, Tell Me What I Say' [Williams:] That'll work  [Both:] We can take it to the limit Or take it back to the bus Ain't no problem for two old cats like us  We've been down a whole lot of alleys Shook a whole lot of cans Ain't too much about prowlin' or howlin' That we don't understand Had a few doors slammed on our tails We've been kicked and cussed But everything's cool for two old cats like us  [Williams:] Play a little  [Williams:] Now this younger generation, Ray [Williams:] Is keepin' us on our toes [Charles:] That's right [Charles:] Playing everything from western swing [Charles:] To that good ol' rock and roll  [Both:] And here we are smack dab in the middle But I think we can adjust Hell, there ain't nothing new for two old cats like us  [Williams:] Tell the truth, now  [Both:] We've been down a whole lot of alleys Shook a whole lot of cans There ain't too much about prowlin' or howlin' That we don't understand Had a few doors slammed on our tails We've been kicked and cussed But everything's cool for two old cats like us But everything's cool for two old cats like us  [Williams:] Let's go prowlin' [Charles:] Alright 
hallelujah, i love her so-Ray Charles[SEP][Words in parentheses ( ) are alternate words, depending on which gender is singing the song.]  Let me tell you 'bout a boy (girl) I know He(She) is my baby and he (she) lives next door Ev'ry morning 'fore the sun come up He (she) brings my coffee in my fav'rite cup That's why I know, yes, I know Hallelujah, I just love him (her) so When I'm in trouble and I have no friends I know hel'll (she'll) go with me until the end Ev'rybody asks me how I know I smile at them and say he (she) told me so That's why I know, yes, I know Hallelujah, I just love him (her) so  Now if I call him (her) on the telephone And tell him (her) that I'm all alone By the time I count from one to four,I hear him (her) on my door In the evening when the sun goes down When there is nobody else around He (she) kisses me and he (she) holds me tight He (And) tells me "Baby, (Daddy) ev'ry thing's all right" That's why I know, yes, I know Hallelujah, I just love him (her) so  [Repeat] 
nancy (with the laughing face)-Ray Charles[SEP]If I don't see her each day, I miss her Gee what a thrill, each time I kiss her Believe me, I've got a case On Nancy, with the laughing face  She takes the winter and she makes it summer And summer could take a few lessons from her Picture a tomboy in lace That's Nancy with the laughing face  Did you ever heard mission bells ringing Well she'll give you the very same glow When she speaks you would think it was singing Just hear her say hello  I swear to goodness, you can't resist her But I'm sorry for you, the girl has no sister No girl could ever replace Nancy, with the laughing face 
it's alright-Ray Charles[SEP](It's alright) Woooooooh now, let me tell you now (It's alright) So many times I sat down and cried (It's alright) You know there's no one to dry my weapin' eyes (It's alright) Baby I'm so in love with you now (It's alright) And yet you broke my heart in two  Although you've gone away, There's nothin' I can say but "it's alright". (It's alright)  Baby how could you be so mean? (It's alright) You know sometimes I feel like I wanna scream. (It's alright) Everytime I hear someone call your name now, (It's alright) You know it almost drives me insane. (It's alright)  You took my love and gone, And you that we're wrong, but it's alright (It's alright) I wanted to keep on saying sure and (It's alright) You know someday you'll need these arms of mine (It's alright) I said it make take a long long time (It's alright) And when things aint what they used to be now (It's alright) You can bring your fine self home to me  To prove my love is true, I'll hug and kiss you too, And I'll say "it's alright" (It's alright) 
candy-Ray Charles[SEP](Candy, Candy) (It's gonna be just dandy, dandy)  Candy I call my sugar Candy Because I'm sweet on Candy And Candy, she's sweet on me (she's sweet on me)  She understands me My understanding Candy And Candy's always handy When I need sympathy (Need sympathy)  Oh, I wish that there were four of her So I could love that much, that much more of her She has taken my complete heart And I've got a sweet tooth for my sweetheart  Candy It's gonna be just dandy The day I take my Candy And make her mine, all mine (make her all mine)  Candy It's gonna be just dandy The day I take my Candy And make her mine, all mine, all mine  The day I take my Candy And make her mine, all mine (Candy's all mine) 
born to be blue-Ray Charles[SEP]When there's a yellow moon above me They say there's moonbeams I should view But moonbeams being gold are something I can't behold 'Cause I was born to be blue  When I met you the world was bright and sunny When you left the curtain fell I'd like to laugh but nothing strikes me funny Now my world's a faded pastel, oh well  I guess I'm luckier than some folks I've known the thrill of lovin' you, lovin' you And that alone is more than I was created for 'Cause I was born to be blue  When I met you the world was bright and sunny When you left the curtain fell I'd like to laugh but nothing strikes me funny Now my world's a faded pastel, oh well  I guess I'm luckier than some folks I've known the thrill of lovin' you, lovin' you And that alone is more than I was created for 'Cause I was born to be blue 
i've got news for you-Ray Charles[SEP]You said before me met That your life was awful tame Well, I took you to a night club And the whole band knew your name. Oh, Well, baby, baby, baby I've Got News For You Oh, somehow your story don't ring true, Well, I've got news for you. Well, you phoned me you'd be late Cause you took the wrong express And then you walked in smiling With your lipstick all a mess Oh, let me say to you little mama, Wo, I've Got News for you Ah, your story don't ring true lil girl Yeah, I've got news for you.  [Instrumental - Subdominant Bridge] [A Section Solo]  Oh, you wore a diamond watch, Claimed it was from Uncle Joe. When I looked at the inscription It said love from Daddy-O. Oh, well baby, wo lil girl, I wanna say I've Got News For You. Ah, if you think that jive will do Let me tell you, oh, I've Got News For You Well, somehow your story don't ring true Wo, I've Got News For You. 
come rain or come shine-Ray Charles[SEP]I'm gonna love you, like nobody's loved you Come rain or come shine High as a mountain, deep as a river Come rain or come shine I guess when you met me It was just one of those things But don't you ever bet me 'Cause I'm gonna be true if you let me You're gonna love me, like nobody's loved me Come rain or come shine We'll be happy together, unhappy together Now won't that be just fine The days may be cloudy or sunny We're in or out of the money But I'm with you always I'm with you rain or shine 
marie-Ray Charles[SEP]Marie, the dawn is breaking Marie, you'll soon be waking To find your heart is aching And tears will fall as you recall  The moon, in all its splendor A kiss, so very tender The words "Will you surrender To me?" woah my Marie  The moon, in all its splendor A kiss, so very tender The words "Will you surrender To me?" woah my Marie  Oh, my Marie 
when your lover has gone-Ray Charles[SEP]What good is the scheming, the planning and dreaming That comes with each new love affair The dreams that we cherish, so often might perish And leaves you with castles in air  When you're alone, who cares for starlit skies When you're alone, the magic moonlight dies At break of dawn, there is no sunrise When your lover has gone  What lonely hours, the evening shadows bring What lonely hours, with memories lingering Like faded flowers, life can't mean anything When your lover has gone 
the sun's gonna shine again-Ray Charles[SEP]Ah, when I'm done Mess again Ho lord, and my baby Don't understand Well I know, ah, child That the sun..sun gonna shine again...shine again Well you say That you'll always be mine Hee, lawdy, would always Treat me kind But still I know, lord That the sun.sun gonna shine again...shine again Yey, lord baby  [Piano]  Well my skies Are so cloudy grey Oh, lawd, baby since you Since you been away Ah, but I know lord That the sun.sun gonna shine again...yeah, shine again Well, you're gonna be sorry baby Yeah, for what you've done Hee, lawdy, and I'll be far away Havin' so much fun Ahh, cause I know, lord That the sun.sun gonna shine again.. 
mess around-Ray Charles[SEP]Ah, you can talk about the pit, barbecue The band was jumpin', the people too Ah, mess around They doin' the mess around They doin' the mess around, Everybody doin' the mess around Ah, everybody was juiced, you can, bet your soul They did the boogie-woogie, with a sturdy roll (?) They mess around They doin' the mess around They doin' the mess around, Everybody doin' the mess around Now, ah, when I say stop don't you move a peg When I say go, just ah, shake your leg And do the mess around I declare, do the mess around Yeah do the mess around, Everybody's doin' the mess around Now let me have it there boy  [Piano Solo]  Now you got it boy  [Sax Solo]  (Yeah, ah, mess around, go on mess around) (Mess around, boy) Now this band's goin' to play from, 9 to 1 Everybody here's gonna have some fun Doin' the mess around Ah, doin' the mess around They doin' the mess around, Everybody doin' the mess around Now you see that girl, with that, diamond ring She knows how to, shake that thing Mess around I declare, she can mess around Ah, mess around, Everybody do the mess around 
ma (she's making eyes at me)-Ray Charles[SEP]Ma, she's making eyes at me Ma, she looks so good to me Ma, she's almost breaking my heart I'm beside her, please let her conscience guide her  Ma, she wants to marry me Be my honey bee Every minute she gets bolder Now she's leaning on my shoulder Ma, the girl's kissing me  Ma, she don't look good to me Ma, her waist is 53 Ma, she's almost ruined my car When we go out the tires all begin to blow out  Ma, she wants to marry me You know that could never be Suppose a baby should come later It's got to look like an alligator Ma, won't don't you rescue me, hey  Ma, I found out she's got dough Ma, the girl owns the B&O She just bought eight city blocks In New York City You know, all at once the girl looks pretty  Ma, if I would say "I do" She would promise to Make my future very pleasant Fort Knox would be my wedding present Ma, she looks good to me  Buy me the seven seas to swim in Replace the fish with gorgeous women Ma, she looks good to me Ma, she looks good to me 
some day baby-Ray Charles[SEP]Oh Lordy Lord, oh Lordy Lord It hurts me so bad for us to part But some day baby I ain't gonna worry my life anymore  So may mornings since you been gone I been worryin' and grievin' my life alone But some day baby I ain't gonna worry my life anymore  So many days since you went away I had to worry both night and day But some day baby I ain't gonna worry my life anymore  No boy, I ain't gonna worry my life no more  You on my mind every place I go How much I love you nobody knows But some day baby I ain't gonna worry my life anymore  So that's my story, that is all I have to say to you Goodbye baby and I don't care what you do But some day baby I ain't gonna worry my life anymore 
the thing-Ray Charles[SEP]While I was walking down the beach one bright and sunny day I saw a great big wooden box a-floating in the bay I pulled it in and opened it up and much to my surprise I discovered a * * * right before my eyes I tell y'all, I discovered a * * * right before my eyes  I picked it up and ran to town as happy as a king I took it to a guy I knew who'd buy most anything But this is what he hollered at me as I walked in his shop "Ooh, get out of here with that * * * before I call a cop! Son, get out of here with that * * * before I call a cop!"  I turned around and got right out, a-running for my life And then I took it home with me to give it to my wife And this is what she said at me as I walked in the door: "Ooh, get out of here with that * * * and don't come back no more! Please, get out of here with that * * * and don't come back no more!"  I wandered all around the town until I chanced to meet A hobo who was looking for a handout on the street He said he'd take most any old thing. He was a desperate man But when I showed him the * * *, he turned around and ran You know, when I showed him the * * *, he turned around and ran  I wandered on for many year, a victim of my fate Until one day I came upon Saint Peter at the Gate And when I tried to take it inside, he told me where to go: "Get out of here with that * * *, and take it down below! Ray, get out of here with that * * *, and take it down below!"  The moral of this story is if you're out on the beach And you should see a great big box and it's within your reach Don't ever stop and open it up. That's my advice to you 'Cause you'll never get rid of the * * *, no matter what you do I tell you, you'll never get rid of the * * *, no matter what you do 
don't cry, baby-Ray Charles[SEP][Chorus:] Dont cry, baby Dont cry my little baby Dry your eyes lets be sweethearts again  Mhh you know I didnt mean To ever treat you so mean Come on sweetheart lets try it over again  [Solo Piano]  [Chorus]  Ahhhhh I know you know I didnt  mean To ever treat you so mean Why dont you come on sweetheart lets try it over again 
i wonder who-Ray Charles[SEP]I...I wonder who gonna be your sweet man when I've gone I wonder who gonna be your sweet man when I've gone I wonder who, baby's, gonna be carryin' my lovin' on  You know if you find, you know if you find You know if you find, you know if you find You know if you find a new love, baby, won't you please tell me so Well it might break my heart but still I wanna know  And if the flame, I say if the flame You hear me if the flame, don't you know if the flame If the flame in your heart only burns true love for me Well don't you let nobody turn their backs on me  You know when I, I say when I You know when I, I want you know when I When I lost my baby, I lost the best friend I ever had And If I don't find my baby, hey hey hey, it's gonna drive me mad, yeah 
little hotel room-Ray Charles[SEP]A one man celebration ain't what I had in mind As I sit here sippin' on a glass of wine There's a working telephone beside my bed The way the calls are coming in, you'd think the line was dead  Oh, there's no place like home And it's lonesome in this little hotel room  The plaster on the ceiling just about to fall There's a picture hanging crooked on the wall The music on the radio plays on For a moment there, I thought they were playing our song  Oh, there's no place like home And it's lonesome in this little hotel room  From the window I can see a falling star I wonder if you see it where you are And wouldn't it be something if it's true That you would make the same wish that I do  Oh, there's no place like home And it's lonesome in this little hotel room 
ruby-Ray Charles[SEP]They say, Ruby you're like a dream Not always what you seem And though my heart may break when I awake Let it be so, I only know Ruby, it's you  They say, Ruby you're like a song You just don't know right from wrong And in your eyes I see heartaches for me Right from the start, who stole my heart? Ruby, it's you  I hear your voice and I must come to you (must come to you) I have no choice, so what else can I do? (what else can I do?) They say, Ruby you're like a flame Into my life you came And though I should beware, still I just don't care You thrill me so, I only know Ruby, it's you  (I hear your voice and I must come to you) (I have no choice, what else can I do?-what can I do?) They say, Ruby you're like a flame Into my life you came And though I should beware, still I don't care You thrill me so, I only know Ruby, it's you 
tell all the world about you-Ray Charles[SEP]When I need company I call on you to see about me I wanna walk about it, talk about it Tell all the world about you, tell the world about you  When you're with me, there's so much fun You're all the good things all wrapped in one I wanna walk about it, talk about it Tell all the world about you, tell the world about you  Whoa, I wanna walk, walk about I wanna talk, talk about I wanna tell, wanna tell the world all about you  Ohh, I wanna live just for you I'm gonna give love so true We'll have a love, we'll have a love that's fine and new  Ohh, You're so fine and you're so sweet You're better at love than K.B.B1 I wanna walk about it, talk about it Tell all the world about you, tell the world about you  Ohh, I gonna live just for you I'm gonna give love so true We'll have a love, we'll have a love that's fine and new  Ohh, You're so fine and you're so sweet You're better at love than K.B.B2 I wanna walk about it, talk about it Tell all the world about, tell the world about you Tell all the world about you, tell the world about you 
cry-Ray Charles[SEP]If your sweetheart, sends a letter, of goodbye It's no secret, you'll feel better, if you cry When wakened, from a bad dream, don't you sometimes think it's real Well it's only, false emotion, that you feel If your heartaches, seems to hang around, too long And your blues, keep getting blue-er, with each song Remember, sunshine can be found, behind a cloudy sky So let your hair down now, and baby go on and cry (If your heartaches seem to hang around too long) (And your blues keep getting blue-er with each song) Well remember, sunshine can be found, behind a cloudy sky Why don't you let your hair down now, baby go on and cry I said let your hair down, baby go on and cry. 
hardhearted hannah-Ray Charles[SEP]They call her Hardhearted Hannah, The vamp of Savannah, The meanest gal in town Leather is tough, But Hannah's heart is tougher She's a gal who likes to see men suffer To tease 'em and thrill 'em, To torture and kill 'em Is her delight they say. I saw her at the seashore with a great big pan There was Hannah pouring water on a drowning man That's Hardhearted Hannah, the vamp of Savannah G-A  They call her Hardhearted Hannah, The vamp of Savannah The meanest gal in town Talk about your cold refrigerating mammas Brother she's a polar bears pajamas To tease 'em and thrill 'em, To torture and kill 'em Is her delight they say. An evening spent with Hannah sitting on your knees Is like being in Alaska in your B.V.D.'s That's Hard Hearted Hannah, the vamp of Savannah G-A 
i'm movin' on-Ray Charles[SEP]I warned you baby from time to time But you just wouldn't listen Now pay me no mind So I'm movin' on, I'm rollin' on You've broken your vow and it's all over now So I'm movin' on  That big eight-wheeler rollin' down the track Means your true lovin' daddy ain't comin' back 'Cause I'm movin' on, I'm rollin' on You were flyin' too high for my little sky So I'm movin' on  Some day baby when you had you play Your gonna want your daddy but your daddy will say Keep on movin', keep rollin' on I'm through with you too bad you're blue 'Cause I'm movin' on.  Mister engineer take the throttle in hand And take me down to that southern land Keep movin' on, keep rollin' on You can ease my mind if you get me there on time Move on  Mister fireman won't you please listen to me 'Cause I got a pretty woman in Tennessee Keep movin' on, keep rollin' on She's fine as can be and she's waitin' on me Keep movin' on  I'm gonna move, I'm gonna move I'm gonna move, I'm gonna move Whoa move, whoa move Whoa move, whoa gonna move on Keep on movin' every day every night And all the time baby  I'm gonna move on, I'm gonna move on Yea, gonna move I'm gonna move on now I'm gonna move on I'm gonna move But you just wouldn't listen or pay me no mind And now I'm movin' on, I'm rollin' on I'm through with you, too bad you're blue But I'm movin' on Move on baby, move on I said move on, I said move on, I said move on, I said move on, Well I'm through with you, too bad you're blue I said move on, I said move on I said move on, I said move on 
rosetta-Ray Charles[SEP]Rosetta, my Rossetta In my heart dear there's no one but you  You told me that you loved me Never leave me for somebody new You made my whole life a dream And I pray you make it come true  Rosetta, my Rosetta Please say I'm the one dear, just for you  Rosetta, woah Rosetta In my heart dear there's no one but you  You told me that you loved me Never leave me for somebody new You made my whole life a dream And I pray you make it come true  Rosetta, woah Rosetta Please say I'm the one dear, just for you Please say I'm the one dear, just for you 
(night time is) the right time-Ray Charles[SEP]You know the night time, darling (night and day) Is the right time (night and day) To be (night and day) With the one you love, now (night and day) Say now oh baby (night and day) When I come home baby, now (night and day) I wanna be with the one I love, now (night and day) You know what I'm thinking of (night and day) I know the night time (night and day, oh) Whoa, is the right time (night and day, oh) To be with the one you love, now (night and day) I said to be with the one you love (night and day) You know my mother, now (night and day) Had to die, now (night and day) Umm, and my father (night and day) Well he broke down and cry (night and day) Whoah! whoa baby (night and day) When I come home baby now (night and day) I want you to hold my hand (night and day) Yeah, tight as you can (night and day) I know the night time (night and day, oh) Whoah is the right time (night and day, oh) To be with the one you love (night and day) You know what I'm thinking of (night and day) Whoah! sing your song, Margie Baby (night and day) Baby (night and day) Baby (night and day) Oh, Baby (night and day) Do I love you? (night and day) No one above you (night and day) Hold me tight (night and day) And make everything all right (night and day) Because the night time (night and day) Oh, is the right time (night and day) To be with the one you love now (night and day) Oh yeah (night and day) Tease me (night and day) Squeeze me (night and day) Leave me (night and day) Ah, don't leave me (night and day) Lawdy baby (night and day) Take my hand, now (night and day) I don't need (night and day) No other man (night and day) Because the night time (night and day) Ow, is the right time (night and day) To be with the one you love (night and day) Oh yeah (night and day) I said baby (night and day) Baby (night and day) Baby (night and day) Baby (night and day) Whoah! baby now (night and day) Oh come on baby (night and day) You know I want you by my side (night and day) I want you to keep (night and day) Oh keep me satisfied (night and day) I know the night time (night and day) Everyday is the right time (night and day) Yeah to be with the one you love now (night and day) Well you know it's all right 
a fool for you-Ray Charles[SEP]I know you told me Such a long time ago That you didn't want me You didn't love me no more I want to know Oh, what makes me be Do you believe me child A fool for you Ohoh, no, I'm a fool for you I know you told me You didn't want me 'round And I know You got a man way 'cross town So I know it's something Oh, what makes me be Do you believe me child I'm a fool for you Ohoh, no, I'm a fool for you Did ya ever wake up in the morning Just about the break of day Reach over and feel the pillow Where your baby used to lay Then you put on your crying Like you never cried before Oh lord Yeah you even cry so loud, You give the blues to your neighbor next door Ever since you were five years old I been a fool for you, little girl Way down in my soul I'm a little fool for ya So I know it's something Oh, oh, Lord I'm a fool for you 
i'm gonna move to the outskirts of town-Ray Charles[SEP]I'm gonna move baby, way out on the outskirts of town I'm gonna move baby, way out on the outskirts of town You see I don't need no-body, always hangin' 'round Let me tell you honey, we gonna move away from here I don't need no iceman, I'm gonna, get you a Frigidaire When we move, way out on the outskirts of town Whoa, you see we won't need no-body, always hangin' 'round  [Keyboard Solo]  It may seem funny honey, funny as can be If we have a dozen children, you know they AW-LL-all better look like me When we move, way back 'a town Whoa-oh-oh-oh, we won't need no-body, always hanging around We don't need nobody baby, AW-LL-always hanging 'round Hangin' 'round Hangin' 'round 
the naughty lady of shady lane-Ray Charles[SEP]The naughty lady of Shady Lane Has hit the town like a bomb The back-fence gossip ain't been this good Since Mabel ran off with Tom  Our town was peaceful and quiet Before she came on the scene The lady has started a riot Disturbin' the suburban routine  I mean that naughty lady of Shady Lane Has the town in a whirl The naughty lady of Shady Lane Me-oh my-oh, what a girl  You should she how she carries on With her admirers galore She must be givin' them quite a thrill The way they flock to her door  She throws those come-hither glances At every Tom, Dick and Joe When offered some liquid refreshments The lady never, never says no  The naughty lady of Shady Lane Has the town in a whirl I mean the naughty lady of Shady Lane Me-oh my-oh, what a girl  The things they're trying to pin on her Won't hold much water, for sure Beneath the powder and fancy lace There beats a heart sweet and pure  She just needs someone to change her Then she'll be nice as can be If you're in the neighborhood, stranger You're welcome to drop in and see  The naughty lady of Shady Lane So delightful to hold So delectable Quite respectable And she's only nine days old 
this old heart (is gonna rise again)-Ray Charles[SEP]Look down on me if you want to, ooh baby You can count me out, don't count long I've lost my taste for love before It goes away, but it don't stay gone I feel it in my bones, my bones  This old heart, this old heart This old heart, this old heart  This old heart is gonna rise again This old heart is gonna rise again This old heart, this old heart This old heart is gonna rise again  Well, I cried till I'm all out of teardrops And I hurt till I'm all out of pain Then I wait for the first love that comes down the track Like a hobo waiting for a train, oh  This old heart is gonna rise again This old heart is gonna rise again This old heart, this old heart This old heart is gonna rise again  You may wonder just what keeps me going It's the true love that waits down the line I know that heartbreak is one more behind me And true love is getting closer all the time  This old heart is gonna rise again This old heart is gonna rise again This old heart, this old heart This old heart is gonna rise again  This old heart is gonna rise again This old heart is gonna rise again This old heart, this old heart This old heart is gonna rise again  This old heart is gonna rise again This old heart is gonna rise again This old heart, this old heart This old heart is gonna rise again  This old heart is gonna rise again This old heart is gonna rise again 
rock and roll shoes-Ray Charles[SEP]It seems like yesterday I heard the people say Son, you were born to stray Someday you'll settle down  I guess there'll come a time Maybe I'll tow the line But right now I'm doing fine Rolling from town to town  I don't care where I ride I'll let my feet decide Do anything but don't ask that I Hang up my rock and roll shoes Hang up my rock and roll shoes  Guitars and ringing tones In my blood and in my bones Show me a bus and I'll call it home 'Cause I don't wanna change  On a lonely day When they put me in my grave Ain't a worry you need to save Just hang up my rock and roll shoes  I don't care where I ride I'll let my feet decide Do anything but don't ask that I Hang up my rock and roll shoes Hang up my rock and roll shoes  So let that motor run Headed out towards the sun I'm in the mood for moving on But I'll be back someday  I don't care where I ride I'll let my feet decide Do anything but don't ask that I Hang up my rock and roll shoes  I don't care where I ride I'll let my feet decide Do anything but don't ask that I Hang up my rock and roll shoes Hang up my rock and roll shoes  Hang up my rock and roll shoes, Ray Hang up my rock and roll shoes, yeah Hang up my rock and roll shoes, I'm gonna Hang up my rock and roll shoes, let me Hang up my rock and roll shoes, B.J. Hang up my rock and roll shoes, why don't you Hang up my rock and roll shoes, Ray Hang up my rock and roll shoes 
it had to be you-Ray Charles[SEP]It had to be you. It had to be you. I've wandered around, finally found somebody who, Could make me be true. Whoa whoa whoa could make me be blue. And, even be glad just to be sad thinkin' of you...  Some others I've seen - might never be mean. Might never be cross. Or, try to be boss. But, they wouldn't do. For nobody else gave me a thrill. With all your faults I love you still. It had to be you. Wonderful you. It had to be you...  'Cause nobody else gave me a thrill. With all yo' faults - I love you still now. And it had to be you. It just had to be you. It had to be you... 
rainy night in georgia-Ray Charles[SEP]Hoverin' by my suitcase, tryin' to find a warm place to spend the night Heavy rain fallin', seems I hear your voice callin' "It's all right." A rainy night in Georgia, a rainy night in Georgia It seems like it's rainin' all over the world I feel like it's rainin' all over the world Neon signs a-flashin', taxi cabs and buses passin' through the night A distant moanin' of a train seems to play a sad refrain to the night A rainy night in Georgia, such a rainy night in Georgia Lord, I believe it's rainin' all over the world I feel like it's rainin' all over the world How many times I wondered It still comes out the same No matter how you look at it or think of it It's life and you just got to play the game  [Instrumental Interlude]  I find me a place in a box car, so I take my guitar to pass some time Late at night when it's hard to rest I hold your picture to my chest and I feel fine [Minor Scat] But it's a rainy night in Georgia, baby, it's a rainy night in Georgia I Feel it's rainin' all over the world, kinda lonely now And it's rainin' all over the World Oh, have you ever been lonely, people? And you feel that it was rainin' all over this man's world You're talking 'bout rainin', rainin', rainin', rainin', rainin', rainin', rainin', Rainin', rainin' rainin', rainin', rainin' [etc. to end] 
jumpin' in the morning-Ray Charles[SEP][Intro] Well now baby, Tell me how do you do? Ooo now baby Tell me how do you do? Well I wanna say baby I really got news for you Well now baby, Tell me what is your name? Ooo now baby Tell me what is you name? Well I'm in love with you baby Supposin' you feel the same? Well now baby I really want you by my side Ooo, now baby Swear I want you by my side Well you in love, in the money Keep your daddy satisfied Well you finally mine You really on the ball Ooo, Lord by your by You're really on the ball Well you know I start runnin' Every time you call Oh, lord, babe Rock, everybody rock, rock, rock Everybody, jump, jump, jump Everybody, wail, wail, wail Everybody jump, jump, jump Everybody, well are ya anybody  [Horns] [Piano Break] [Horn Break with Piano Solo]  I said wail, wail (wail, wail) Oh, babe (Oh, babe) Oh, babe (Oh, babe) Oh, babe (Oh, babe) Oh, babe (Oh, babe)  I believe in you when you say I do Babe, talk about your baby You ought to be mine Well, you can talk about your baby But you ought to be mine Well she feels like an angel And it ought to be an Angel o' mine Well, in the mornin' Early in the morning Oh, lord in the evenin' Do it in the mornin' Well, early in the mornin'  [Horn Break] [Piano end] 
cry me a river-Ray Charles[SEP]Now you say you're lonely You cried the long night through Well, you can cry me a river Cry me a river I cried a river over you Now you say you're sorry For being so untrue  Well, you can cry me a river Cry me a river I cried a river over you You drove me,  Nearly drove me out of my head While you never shed a tear Remember? I remember all that you said Told me love was to plebeian Told me you were through with me Now you say you love me Well, just to prove you do  Cry me a river Cry me a river I cried a river over you You drove me  Nearly drove me out of my head While you never shed a tear Remember? I remember all that you said Told me love was to plebeian Told me you were through with me... And now you say you love me Well, just to prove that you do... Come on! Come on!  Cry me a river... Cry me a river... I cried a river over you I cried a river over you... 
you won't let me go-Ray Charles[SEP]I want you, I need you, I'm all packed up to go But darlin, if you love me, you wont let me go  If a love's a true love, it never runs smooth you know So if your love is a true love, you wont let me go  If you dont say you love me, I'm gonna walk right Out the door And I'll hope that you'll stop me, so I can hear you Call me darlin once more  I tell you I love you, yes I love you With all my heart and soul, so darlin if you love me You wont let me go  [Solo Piano]  Hey I love you now, I say I love you Oh with all my heart and soul So darlin well if you love me I know you wont let me go Girl I know you wont let me go 
down by the river-Ray Charles[SEP]In a sparkling moment, I loved you, you loved me. Oh, how sweet fate can he. In that happy moment I forgot all my past. Now I realize the way The spell was cast, At last, Refrain Once we walked alone Down by the river, All the world our own Down by the river. Maybe the river made our love song start. Full was the river, yet more full my heart. So I love you two, You and the river, I'll he there for you, I and the river You will remember when you hear my song Down when the river rolls along 
hallelujah, i'm a bum-Ray Charles[SEP]Cast! Rockefeller's busy giving dough away; Chevrolet is busy making cars; Hobo, you keep busy when they throw away Slightly used cigars. Hobo, you've no time to shirk. You're busy keeping far away from work.  The weather' s getting fine. The coffee tastes like wine. You happy hobo, sing, "Hallelujah, I'm a bum again!" Why work away for wealth When you can travel for your health? It' s spring, you hobo, sing, "Hallelujah, I'm a bum again!" Your home is always near; The moon's your chandelier; Your ceiling is the sky, Way up high.  The road is your estate, The earth your little dinner plate; It's spring, you hobo, sing, "Hallelujah, I'm a bum again!" 
don't set me free-Ray Charles[SEP]Don't set me free And leave me all alone Don't make me be Just a rolling stone Lock me up and throw the key away Make me a prisoner night and day And whatever you do to me Don't set me free  Don't set me free On my knees I pray Have mercy on me Don't send me away Like a train jumpin off a track Without ya baby, I'd blow my stack And whatever you do to me Don't set me free  Like a stamp on a letter, if you let me stick with you I could love you better, than anyone else can do  So don't set me free Though I've done you wrong Baby can't you see Without you I can't get along Keep me in a state of agony Make me miserable as can be And whatever you do to me Don't set me free  Like a stamp on a letter, if you let me stick with you I could love you better, than anyone else can do  So don't set me free Though I've done you wrong Baby can't you see Without you I can't get along Keep me in a state of agony Make me miserable as can be And whatever you do to me Don't set me free No, no, no, don't set me free I'm saying no, no don't set me free Baby, no, no, don't set me free 
that's enough-Ray Charles[SEP]Baby, if you want me to love you Here's somethin' that you gotta do You got to love me (That's enough) You got to kiss me (That's enough)  You got to squeeze me (That's enough) You got to miss me You got to hold, hold me in your arms And that's enough, well Oh, that's enough  Baby if you want me for your man There's a few things that you better understand I want my baby (That's enough) I don't mean maybe (That's enough)  I want my pretty baby (That's enough) Ain't talkin' maybe, no You got to hold, hold me in your arms And that's enough Hey child, that's enough  Baby if you want me by your side You got to be prepared to keep the man satisfied I want my baby (That's enough) I don't mean maybe (That's enough)  Every day (That's enough) In every single way You got to hold, hold me in your arms And that's enough Well, it's more than enough 
who cares-Ray Charles[SEP]Well, your old girlfriend told me your new lover left you But you're too proud to tell ol' you know who J., you don't have time to work me in your busy schedule But I know you're only busy bein' sad and blue  So who cares (who cares) if you're feelin' lonely? Who cares (who cares) if you're sad and blue? Who cares (who cares) if you got no one to love you? Well, who cares? I do, that's who  Well, I heard you were lonely, so I wanted to call you I thought you'd say that I'm the one you missed But when you picked up the phone, you pretended not to know me When I told you I still love you, you replied, Who's this? that's right  Well, who cares (who cares) if you're feelin' lonely? Who cares (who cares) if you're sad and blue? Who cares (who cares) if you got no one to love you? Well, who cares? I do, that's who  Well, you haven't called me up in a whole month of Sundays So I went out and I found somebody new You're lying on me, honey 'Cause I got too much pride to spend my life waitin' on your phone call Now he was gone and I'm alone, but I'm not missin' you  So who cares (who cares) if you're feelin' lonely? Who cares (who cares) if you're sad and blue? Who cares (who cares) if you got no one to love you? Well, who cares? I do, that's who Yeah, who cares? I do, that's who 
crazy old soldier-Ray Charles[SEP]I've had fame and fortune Women come knock on my door I've lived to the limit And maybe a little bit more  There are so many stories Of how I got out of control Some say it's a woman Some say it's my troubled soul  I'm like a crazy old soldier Fighting a war all my own Just me and the whiskey And the bottles are ten thousand strong  You'd think I'd give up As many times I've been hit But like a crazy old soldier I just don't know when to quit  Barrooms and bedrooms Are just faces and places and names Once for the pleasure And Lord knows, once for the pain  I've tried to forget her And all of the things that we've done But as long as there are memories I'll never hang up my gun  I'm like a crazy old soldier Fighting a war all my own Just me and the whiskey And the bottles are ten thousand strong  (Oh, sing ya) You'd think I'd give up As many times I've been hit, never But like a crazy old soldier I just don't know when to quit 
this little girl of mine-Ray Charles[SEP]Wella, oh yeah Wella, oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah Do you know that this little girl of mine I want you people to know This little girl of mine I take her everywhere I go One day I looked at my suit My suit was new I looked at my shoes And they were too And that's why I, I, I, I, Oh, I love that little girl of mine Oh do you know that this little girl of mine Makes me happy when I'm sad This little girl of mine Loves me, even when I'm bad She knows how to love me right down to her teeth If she does any wrong, you know she keeps it from me And that's why I, I, I, I, Oh, I love that little girl of mine  Do you know that this little girl of mine Called me last night about eight This little girl of mine Told me that we had a date She said that she'd meet me at a quarter to nine Believe it or not, but she was right on time And that's why I, I, I, I, Oh, I love that little girl of mine Do you know that this little girl of mine Knows how to dress so neat This little girl of mine Stops the traffic on the street When the fellas start whistling, well I don't mind I can't blame them, 'cause she is fine And that's why I, I, I, I, Oh, I love that little girl of mine And that's why I, I, I, I, Oh, I love that little girl of mine 
sentimental journey-Ray Charles[SEP]Gonna take a sentimental journey Gonna set my heart at ease Gonna make a sentimental journey To renew old memories  I got my bag, I got my reservation Spent each dime I could afford Like a child in wild anticipation I long to hear that: "All aboard!"  Seven, that's the time we leave - at seven I'll be waiting up for heaven Counting every mile of railroad track - that moves me back  I never thought my heart could be so yearny Why did I decide to roam Gotta take a sentimental journey Sentimental journey home 
no one to cry to-Ray Charles[SEP](I need someone to say I do) No one to cry to now, no one to say goodnight No one to tell my troubles to  I've got no one, to sigh to, no one to hold me Tight No one to chear me when I'm blue  When I go home to my lonely room And find there's no one there And each night I think of you, so please answer this One prayer  And you'll need someone, I said to cry to Someone to say I do Someone to whisper I love you  When I go home to my lonely room And find there's no one there And each night I think of you, so please answer this One prayer  And you'll need someone, I said to cry to Someone to say I do Someone to whisper I love you 
have you met miss jones?-Ray Charles[SEP]It happened I felt it happened I was awake I wasn't blind I didn't think I felt it happened Now I belive in matter over mind. And now you see we mustn't wait The nearest moment that we marry is too late! Have you met Miss Jones Someone said as we shook hands She was just Miss Jones to me Then i said Miss Jones You're a girl who understand I'm a boy who must be free. And all at once I lost my breath And all at once was scared to death And all at once I hold the eatrh and sky! Now I met Miss Jones And we'll keep on meeting till we die Miss Jones and I 
after my laughter came tears-Ray Charles[SEP]I laughed the day I saw you leave, I laughed and Said Id never grieve But now after my laughter came tears (after my laughter came tears)  I told my friends, I didnt care, I laughed about A  whole   affair But say now after my laughter came tears  My cryin helped me from showin them that I was blue (listen) By myself you'll never know what I've been through (Just what I'm goin through )  My lips conceal a hurtin pain, I  make believe but All in vain I said now after my  [Solo Piano]  My cryin helped me from showin them that I was blue (listen) By myself you'll never know what I've been through (Just what I'm goin through )  My lips conceal a hurtin pain, I  make believe but All in vain I said now after my 
greenbacks-Ray Charles[SEP]As I was walking down the street last night A pretty little girl came into sight I bowed and smiled and asked her name She said, "Hold it bud, I don't play that game" I reached in my pocket, and to her big surprise There was Lincoln staring her dead in the eyes. On a greenback, greenback dollar bill Just a little piece of paper, coated with chlorophyll She looked at me with that familiar desire Her eyes lit up like they were on fire She said, "My name's Flo, and you're on the right track, But look here, daddy, I wear furs on my back, So if you want to have fun in this man's land, Let Lincoln and Jackson start shaking hands." On a greenback, greenback dollar bill Just a little piece of paper, coated with chlorophyll I didn't know what I was getting into But I popped Lincoln and Jackson, too I didn't mind seeing them fade out of sight, I just knew I'd have some fun last night Whenever you in town and looking for a thrill If Lincoln can't get it, Jackson sure will On a greenback, greenback dollar bill Just a little piece of paper, coated with chlorophyll  We went to a nightspot where the lights were low Dined and danced, and I was ready to go I got out of my seat, and when Flo arose, She said, "Hold on daddy, while I powder my nose" I sat back down with a smiling face, While she went down to the powder place With my greenback, greenback dollar bill Just a little piece of paper, coated with chlorophyll The music stopped and the lights came on, I looked around and saw I was all alone I didn't know how long Flo had been gone But a nose powder sure didn't take that long I left the place with tears in my eyes As I waved Lincoln and Jackson a last goodbye On a greenback, greenback dollar bill Just a little piece of paper, coated with chlorophyll 
i never see maggie alone-Ray Charles[SEP]Maggie dear, just won't go out alone Seems that she must have a chaperone When we go out no matter where we're bound There's always somebody around  She brings her father, her mother Her sister and her brother Woah, I never see Maggie alone She brings her uncle, her cousin She's got ‘em by the dozens You know that's why I never see Maggie alone  And if I phone her, say to her "Sweet, Where shall we meet, supposing we eat." She brings her father, her mother Her sister and her brother Oh! I can never, never see my Maggie alone  She brings her father, her mother Her sister and her big big brother Oh! I never see Maggie alone One night when we were out walking And she got tired of talking She invited me up to her home  I turned the lights down, they were too bright Oh! What a sight when I turned on the light There was her father, her mother Her sister and her big, fat brother Oh! I never see Maggie alone  I bought a roadster, two-seated I even had it heated So that I could see Maggie alone While we were riding, and kissing The engine started missing And we were a long way from home  I got right out and then fast as I could Found what was wrong, for when I raised the hood There was her father, her mother Her sister and her big, fat brother Oh! I never see Maggie alone  I never Oh I never Ow, I never see my little Maggie alone Oh, Maggie 
early in the morning-Ray Charles[SEP]Early in the morning and I can't get right, now Had a little date with my baby last night, now  And it's early in the morning (early in the morning) I know it's early in the morning (early in the morning) Early in the morning  (early in the morning) Hey, I ain't got nothin' but the blues (blues)  I went to all the places where we used to go I went to her house but she don't live there no more  Well it's early in the morning (early in the morning) And I know it's early in the morning, yeah (early in the morning) Early in the morning, yeah (early in the morning) I ain't got nothin' but the blues (blues)  I went to her girlfriends house, but she was out I knocked on her fathers door and he began to shout, "Get away from here boy"  Yes, early in the morning (early in the morning) I know it's early in the morning (early in the morning) Early in the morning, yeah (early in the morning) I ain't got nothin' but the blues (blues)  I went to Dooky Chase's to get something to eat The waitress looked at me and said, "Ray, you sure look beat"  Now it's early in the morning (early in the morning) I told 'em it was in the morning, now (early in the morning) Yeah, early in the morning  (early in the morning) Yeah, I ain't got nothin' but the blues (blues)  I had a lot of money when I started out Can't find my baby now my money run out, now  Yeah, early in the morning (early in the morning) Whoa, it's early in the morning  (early in the morning) Yeah, early in the morning (early in the morning) Yeah, I ain't got nothin' but the blues (blues)  Yeah, early in the morning (early in the morning, yeah) I ain't got nothin' but the blues, now 
don't you know-Ray Charles[SEP]Woooh, well, don't you know, baby Child, don't you know baby Oww, don't you know baby Little girl, little girl, don't you know Please listen to me baby Girl, I'm in love with you so Turn your lamp down low I said turn your lamp down low Wooo, turn it down Please turn your lamp down low Come on baby Girl I'm in love with you so Now I know I've been away For such a long time But now baby I can't get you off of my mind So come on, please baby come on Come on, come on Love your daddy all night long Now if you love me Like I love you We can do all the things that we Used to do So come on, Oww, baby come on Please baby come on Love your daddy all night long  [Solo - Piano]  Say, have you heard baby Ray Charles is in town Let's mess around till the midnight hour See what he's puttin down Come on Please baby, come on, child Oh lord, baby Come on, all night long Turn your lamp down low Cause I love you so Baby please come on Love your daddy all night long You hear me talkin, baby Baby please come on 
we didn't see a thing-Ray Charles[SEP]Well I swear, I didn't see you with your wife's best girlfriend Drinkin' beer and a dancin' to that western swing And I didn't see you kiss her and leave that barroom with her No I didn't see you and I didn't see you and we didn't see a thing  George, I know I didn't hear you tell that blonde that you weren't married, no I know I didn't see you hidin' your weddin' ring either did I? And I know I couldn't have heard you call your wife And tell her that you were working No, no I didn't see you, I didn't see you and we didn't see a thing  We've got to stick together to keep our stories straight Now don't forget Ray I was down in Atlanta Sure you were and I was workin' late Yeah you know it's always good to see you George it's good to see you too, yeah But I didn't see you and I didn't see you and we didn't see a thing  Hey Ray by the way do you leave that hundred bucks you owe me I don't know what you're talkin' about George Well I'm sure you recall our bet on last night's football game No I don't but you know if I had seen you, I certainly would've paid ya But I didn't see you and I didn't see you and we didn't see a thing  We've got to stick together to keep our stories straight Don't forget I was down in Atlanta And don't you forget I was working late Oh you know it's always good to see you George it's good to see you too But I, I didn't see you and I didn't see you and we didn't see a thing I didn't see you and I didn't see you and we didn't see a thing 
you'll never walk alone-Ray Charles[SEP]When you walk through a storm Keep your chin up high And don't be afraid of the dark At the end of a storm is a golden sky And the sweet silver song of a lark  Walk on through the wind Walk on through the rain Tho' your dreams Be tossed and blown Walk on Walk on With hope in your heart And you'll never walk alone You'll never walk alone  When you walk through a storm Hold your head up high And don't be afraid of the dark At the end of a storm is a golden sky And the sweet silver song of a lark  Walk on through the wind Walk on through the rain Tho' your dreams Be tossed and blown Walk on Walk on With hope in your heart And you'll never walk alone You'll never walk alone 
sweet georgia brown-Ray Charles[SEP]No gal made has got a shade on Sweet Georgia Brown Two left feet, oh so neat, has Sweet Georgia Brown They all sigh and want to die for Sweet Georgia Brown I'll tell you just why You know i don't lie, not much  It's been said she knocks 'em dead when she lands in town Since she came, why it's a shame how she cools them down Men she can't get are men she ain't met Georgia claimed her, Georgia named her Sweet georgia brown  No gal made has got a shade on Sweet Georgia Brown Two left feet, but oh so neat, has Sweet Georgia Brown They all sigh and want to die for Sweet Georgia Brown I'll tell you just why You know I wouldn't lie, not much  It's been said she knocks 'em dead when she lands in town Since she came, why it's a shame how she cools them down Men she can't get are men she ain't met Georgia claimed her, Georgia named her Sweet Georgia Brown  Brown Georgia Brown 
eleanor rigby-Ray Charles[SEP]Eleanor Rigby picks up the rice in the church where a wedding has been Lives in a dream Waits at the window, wearing the face that she keeps in a jar by the door Who is it for?  All the lonely people Where do they all come from? All the lonely people Where do they all belong?  Father McKenzie writing the words of a sermon that no one will hear No one comes near. Look at him working. Darning his socks in the night when there's nobody there What does he care?  All the lonely people Where do they all come from? All the lonely people Where do they all belong?  Eleanor Rigby died in the church and was buried along with her name Nobody came Father McKenzie wiping the dirt from his hands as he walks from the grave No one was saved  All the lonely people Where do they all come from? All the lonely peopl Where do they all belong 
ain't that love-Ray Charles[SEP]Now, baby when you sigh (when you sigh) I wanna sigh with you When you cry (when you cry) I wanna cry some, too  Now, ain't that love (ain't that love) Oh, ain't that love that I feel (that I feel) In my heart for you  When your friends (when your friends) Turn their back on you I'll be here (I'll be here) Just to see you through  Now, ain't that love (ain't that love) Ain't that love (ain't that love) Ain't that love, ooohhh now Ain't that love That I feel in my heart for you  Now when you walk (when you walk) I wanna walk with you When you talk (when you talk) Wanna talk some, too  Now, ain't that love (ain't that love) Oh, ain't that love that I feel (that I feel) In my heart for you  If you ever (if you ever) Ever need a friend I'll be with you (be with you) Yes, until the end  Now, ain't that love (ain't that love) Ain't that love (ain't that love) Don't you know, baby don't you know, I (oh, oh, oh, oh) Ain't that love, baby that I feel In my heart for you  [Instrumental Break]  Baby, won't you let me hold your hand I want to squeeze you as tight as I can Baby, don't you need my by your side To protect you and be your guide Baby, I'm so in love with you I'd do anything you tell me to  Now, ain't that love (ain't that love) Ain't that love (ain't that love) C'mon now, ain't that love, now (oh, oh, oh, oh) Ain't that love, baby that I feel In my heart for you Oh, that I feel in my heart for you Oh, that I feel in my heart for you Oh, that I feel in my heart for you Oh! 
just for a thrill-Ray Charles[SEP]Just for a thrill You changed the sunshine to rain Just for a thrill You filled my heart with pain  To me you were my pride and joy But to you, I was merely a toy A plaything, that you could toss around at will  Just for a thrill You made my life one sad song Just for a thrill You just led me along  Although you're free and havin' your fun To me you're still the only one Cause you made my heart stand still Just for a thrill  Although you're free and havin' your fun To me you're still the only one Cause you made my heart stand still Well, it was just for a thrill  And baby you, you, made my heart stand still Just for a thrill 
deed i do-Ray Charles[SEP]I was oh, so blue till you came along Just to make my life a wonderful song You brought sunshine just to brighten my loneliness Is it any wonder in my happiness I confess  Do I want you Oh my, do I? Honey, 'deed I do Do I need you? Oh my, do I Honey, 'deed I do  I'm glad that I'm the one who found you That's why I'm always hangin' 'round you Do I love you? Oh my, do I? Honey, 'deed I do  There are lots of others that I have met Those you meet today, tomorrow forget You're the only one who ever could stand the test That's the reason why I choose you from the rest You're the best  Do I want you Oh my, do I? Honey, 'deed I do Do I need you? Oh my, do I Honey, 'deed I do 
leave my woman alone-Ray Charles[SEP]If you don't want, you don't have to (get in trouble) If you don't want, you don't have to (get in trouble) If you don't want, you don't have to (get in trouble)  Say, you better leave my woman alone Well, I know you are a playboy And you've got women all over town But listen buddy if you ever sweet-talk my little girl I'm gonna lay your body down If you don't want, you don't have to (get in trouble) You know you don't want, oh yeah (get in trouble) If you don't want, you don't have to (get in trouble) (Say it) Oh,  you better leave my woman alone Well I know you got your money And you've got a new fifty-six too But if I ever see my little girl in your new car I'm gonna do some work on you. If you don't want, you don't have to (get in trouble) You know you don't want, oh yeah (get in trouble) If you don't want, you don't have to (get in trouble) (Say it) Oh,  you better leave my woman alone Well I don't believe in trouble So I don't want to start a fight So if you'll take heed and stay away from my little girl Then everything will be alright If you don't want, you don't have to (get in trouble) You know you don't want, yeah (get in trouble) If you don't want, you don't have to (get in trouble)  (Say it) Oh,  you better leave my woman alone My woman alone My (woman alone) You better leave (woman alone) Better leave (woman alone) My woman alone (woman alone) I said (woman alone) I said (woman alone) I said (woman alone) You better leave (woman alone) You better leave (woman alone) You better leave (woman alone) My- (woman alone) -i- (woman alone) -i- (woman alone) My woman (woman alone) My woman alone (woman alone) Oh, now (woman alone) Oh, oo (woman alone) Oh yeah (woman alone) Oh yeah (woman alone) You better leave (woman alone) My woman alone (woman alone) If you don't want, you don't have to (get in trouble) If you don't want, you don't have to (get in trouble) If you don't want, you don't have to (get in trouble) (Say it) Yeah,  you better leave my woman alone My woman alone My woman alone 
drinking again-Ray Charles[SEP]Drinkin' again and thinkin' of when, when you loved me I'm havin' a few and wishin' that you were here Makin' the rounds, accepting a round from strangers Bein' a fool just hopin' that you'll appear Sure, I can borrow a smoke, maybe tell some joker a bad joke But nobody laughs, they don't laugh at a broken heart Oh, yeah, I'm drinkin' again, it's always the same That same old story After the kicks there's little old mixed-up me Tryin' to lose a dream that used to be Look at me, I'm drinkin' again, drinkin' all over town Yeah, I'm drinkin' again 
that lucky old sun-Ray Charles[SEP]Up in the mornin' Out on the job Work like the devil for my pay But that lucky old sun got nothin' to do But roll around heaven all day. Fuss with my woman, toil for my kids Sweat till I'm wrinkled and gray While that lucky old sun got nothin' to do But roll around heaven all day Dear Lord above, can't you know I'm pining, tears all in my eyes Send down that cloud with a silver lining, lift me to Paradise Show me that river, take me across Wash all my troubles away Like that lucky old sun, give me nothing to do But roll around heaven all day  [Instrumental Interlude - First Line Of "Dear Lord"]  Send down that cloud with a silver lining, lift me to Paradise Show me that river, take me across Wash all my troubles away Like that lucky old sun, give me nothing to do But roll around heaven all day These lyrics were transcribed from the specific recording mentioned above And do not necessarily correspond with lyrics from other recordings, sheet Music, songbooks or lyrics printed on album jackets. 
i want to know-Ray Charles[SEP]I want to know can your love stand the test of time Want to feel your body next to mine Want to know what your love feels like when I'm next to you  You see I've being looking for a love that's been gone for a very long time I want to know what it feels like when you bring your body to mine can't you see that you are bring out the best in me Trying to tell what's been on my mind it's so hard when you are not around cause when I know your body is calling me  I want to know can your love stand the test of time Want to feel your body next to mine Want to know what your love feels like when I'm next to you  Can you tell me where lovers go I wish you was here to see how I can make you glow just believe in me and our love will grow cause we're standing the test of time flowing making love in a realm that's unknown So what is it going to be... are you going to be with me.... 
friendship-Ray Charles[SEP]If you're ever in a jam, here I am And if you're ever in a mess, S.O.S And if you ever feel so happy You land in jail. I'm your bail  It's friendship, friendship Just a perfect blendship When other friendships are soon forgot Ours will still be hot  If you're ever up a tree, just phone to me If you ever loose your teeth when you're out to dine, borrow mine  It's friendship, friendship Just a perfect blendship When other friendships are soon forgot Ours will still be great  If they ever black you're eyes, put me wise Well, if they ever cook your goose, then turn me loose And if they ever put a bullet through your brain, I'll complain  It's friendship, friendship Just a perfect blendship When other friendships are soon forgot Ours will still be it  If you're ever down a well, ring my bell If you ever loose your mind, I'll be kind And if you ever loose your shirt, I'll be hurt If you're ever in a mill and get sawed in half, I won't laugh  It's friendship, friendship Just a perfect blendship When other friendships are are up the crick, ours will still be slick 
doodlin'-Ray Charles[SEP]Usin' the phone booth, Makin' a few calls, Doodlin' weird things, Usin' the booth walls.  Got me a big date, Waitin' for my chick, Puttin' my face on, So she could look slick,  I enjoy procrastinating 'Cause I'm busy while I'm waiting, Doodlin' away, doodlin away  Sittin' and dinin' (dining) Dinner beginnin', Started designin' Usin' the linen,  Talkin' to my date, Doodlin' my bit, Waiter got salty, Told me to please quit Told the waiter, "Don't be dizzy, "Can't you see I'm very busy, "Doodlin' away, doodlin' away."  "Do you doodle all day?" Asked the waiter in his way, "Do you doodle all night?" Told the waiter he was right, "In your doodlin' way-" "That's the way I'm gonna stay," "Are you thinkin' things right?" "Doodlin' sheds a lot of light," "Don't know what I can do," "Ain't nothing you can do," "With old doodlin' you," "Doodin's all I want to do,"  That's for true!  Why does every single thing I see Look exactly like a doodle to me? If I ever have a doubt What life is all about I get my pencil out and then commence to doodlin' And I find it real relaxing 'Specially when I feel that life is really taxing!  'Cause weird designs They only show what's going on In weirder minds Those when you doodle then your noodle's flying blind Every little thing that you write Just conceivably might Be a thought that you capture While coppin' a wink Doodlin' takes you beyond what you see When you write what you think.  I'd feel so lost without my doodlin', Doodlin' really helps me ease my mind, I'd be tempest-tossed Without my doodlin', When I'm doodlin' there's one thing I find,  Truly, I really really really really really truly truly wanna figure out What my doodlin's all about.  Later the waiter Had me arrested, Took me to Bellevue, Where I was tested.  Had me a doctor Probin' my noodle, 'Fore he was half-done, Taught him to doodle, Showed him hidden thoughts that linger Find an outlet through your finger, Doodlin' away, doodlin' away.  Doctor was real nice, Told me to be cool, Looked at the waiter, Called him the real fool,  Looked at my baby Told me he dug her, Got me to doodlin', So he could bug her,  When he put his arms around her, Quite to his surprise he found her, Doodlin' away, doodlin' away  We just doodle all day! 
ev'ry sunday afternoon-Ray Charles[SEP][He] I love to do my work, Never complain; Never get tired, Don't mind the strain. I always say, "Old man, Wait till you're through. Sunday will come- Thursday comes, too. In those two days Think what you'll do." For they're the lovely days with you.  Ev'ry Sunday afternoon and Thursday night, We'll be free as birds in flight. If on Sunday afternoon we ever fight We'll make up on Thursday night. Leave the dishes, Dry your hands. Change your wishes To commands. Ev'ry Sunday afternoon we'll be polite, But we'll make love on Thursday night.  [She] I work my life away Thinking of play. What will I wear? What will you say? Then I remind myself, "Old girl, you're strong, And you're in love. Life can't go wrong. Smile your old smile, Sing your old song. Wait till those dear days come along."  Ev'ry Sunday afternoon and Thursday night, We'll be free as birds in flight. If on Sunday afternoon we ever fight We'll make up on Thursday night. I'm your slave, dear, But it's bliss. If you shave, dear, We can kiss. Ev'ry Sunday afternoon we'll be polite, But we'll make love on Thursday night. 
let the good times roll-Ray Charles[SEP]Hey everybody, Let's have some fun You only live but once And when you're dead you're done  So let the good times roll, I said let the good times roll, I don't care if you're young or old, You oughtta get together and let the good times roll  Don't sit there mumbling Talkin' trash If you want to have a ball, You got to go out and spend some cash  And let the good times roll now, I'm talkin' 'bout the good times, Well it makes no difference whether you're young or old, All you got to do is get together and let the good times roll  Hey y'all tell everybody, Ray Charles in town, I got a dollar and a quarter and I'm just ringing the clock, But don't let no female, play me cheap, I got fifty cents more than I'm gonna keep.  So let the good times roll now, I tell y'all I'm gonna let the good times roll now, Well it don't make no difference if you're young or old, All you got to do is get together and let the good times roll  Hey no matter whether, rainy weather, If you want to have a ball, you got to get yourself together, Oh, get yourself under control, woah, and let the good times roll. 
goody, goody-Ray Charles[SEP]So you met someone who set you back on your heels - goody, goody You met someone and now you know how it feels - goody, goody You gave him your heart too, just as I gave mine to you And he broke it in little pieces, now how do you do You lie awake just singing the blues all night - goody, goody And you think that love's a barrel of dynamite Hooray and hallelujah, you had it coming to y'a Goody goody for him, goody goody for me I hope your satisfied you rascal you, I hope your satisfied 'cause you got yours 
a tear fell-Ray Charles[SEP](A fool am I) (A fool am I in love)  A tear fell when I saw you In the arms of someone new A tear fell when you left me All alone and feeling blue  You know a tear fell when you told me That your love was not for me I didn't miss these teardrops But I missed you constantly  That's why I'm (A fool am I) (A fool am I in love)  The teardrops that you stepped on As you danced across the floor You know they were crushed like my poor heart was When you walked out of my door  I said a tear fell when you told me That the flame in your heart died Darlin', have I lost you Like these teardrops from my eyes  You know I'm just a (A fool am I) (A fool am I in love)  I said a tear fell when you told me That the flame in your heart died Darlin', have I lost you Like these teardrops from my eyes  I've got to be a (A fool am I) But I'm so glad I'm a fool (A fool am I in love) I'm a fool in love 
what kind of man are you-Ray Charles[SEP]What kind of man are you Oh, why do I love you so What kind of man are you Yeah, yeah, when you love me no more  What kind of man are you Why can't I let you go I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know about you  What kind of man are you I just can't satisfy What kind of man are you Oh yeah, no matter how I try  What kind of man are you Yeah, yeah, why do you tell me lies I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know about you  What kind of man are you I'm always left alone What kind of man are you  How long can this go on What kind of man are you Oh, help me somebody to know right from wrong I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know about you 
heartbreaker-Ray Charles[SEP]Heartbreaker, Girl you sure is gone Heartbreaker, Girl you sure is gone Heartbreaker, how you carry on.  You a bobby soxer mean mistreated too You a bobby soxer mean mistreated too You just a little school girl, But you sure know what to do.  Pretty baby, in your new red dress Pretty baby, in your new red dress When I'm not around ya, I can't hardly get my rest.  Heart-Teaser, You runnin all around Heart-Teaser, Girl, You runnin all around And if you don't stop baby, You'll be sleeping in the ground  How can I help it, If I'm in love with you. I've been your fool baby, Tell me what more can I do.  Heartbreaker, you think you're smart Heartbreaker, you think you're smart Well, Heartbreaker, I want to tell ya' You broke my heart  You know, you broke my heart You said we would never part  You told me, we would never part  You know you broke my heart 
fifty nifty united states-Ray Charles[SEP]Fifty nifty United States from thirteen original colonies Fifty nifty stars in the flag that billows so beautifully in the breeze  Each individual state Contributes a quality that is great Each individual state Deserves a bow, we salute them now  Fifty nifty United States from thirteen original colonies Shout 'em, scout 'em, tell all about 'em One by one 'til we've given a day to every state in the U.S.A.  Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming  North, south, east, west In our calm, objective opinion [name of home state] is the best of the...  Fifty nifty United States from thirteen original colonies Shout 'em, scout 'em, tell all about 'em One by one 'til we've given a day to every state in the good old U.S.A. 
where can i go?-Ray Charles[SEP]Tell me, where can I go? There's no place I can see. Where to go, where to go? Every door is closed to me. To the left, to the right, It's the same in every land. There is nowhere to go And it's me who should know, Won't you please understand? Now I know where to go, Where my folk proudly stand. Let me go, let me go To that precious promised land. No more left no more right. Lift your head and see the light. I am proud, can't you see, For at last I am free: No more wandering for me. 
girls, girls, girls!-Ray Charles[SEP]Though our country will never make war We've a reason that's worth marching for Not for battle our banner unfurls But for girls, girls, girls, girls, girls. When we're marching we never retreat For we're charging a foe that is sweet! But we're caught in the swirls Of the enemy's curls And surrender to girls, girls, girls.  [Verse (Not heard in the film)] Ruby lips taste like claret When they're pressing close to mine. What a flavor! I compare it to that oldest vintage wine. I don't need a book of verses Or a jug beneath the bough, And my memory rehearses Not a moment so sweet as now.  Let us gaze in the wine while it's wet. Let's do things that we'll live to regret. Let me dance till the restaurant whirls With the girls, girls, girls, girls, girls! When there's wine and there's women and song It is wrong not to do something wrong! When you do something wrong, You must do something right, And I'm doing all right tonight. 
diane-Ray Charles[SEP]I'm in heaven when I see you smile Smile for me, my Diane And though everything's dark, all the while I can see you, Diane  You have lighted the road leading home Pray for me (my Diane) when you can (my Diane) But no matter wherever I roam Smile for me, my Diane  (Smile for me, my Diane)  But no matter wherever I may roam (wherever I roam) Smile for me, my Diane 
talkin' about you-Ray Charles[SEP]Who is my friend, when all friends are gone I'm talkin' 'bout you, I do mean you Who is my friend, when all friends are gone I'm talkin' 'bout you, I do mean you Who is my friend, when all friends are gone You always defend me, if I'm right or wrong I'm talkin' 'bout you, I do mean you Talkin' 'bout you  Knows how to love me, in my way I'm talkin' 'bout you, I do mean you Knows how to love me, in my way I'm talkin' 'bout you Knows how to love me, in my way Who's always there, every night and day I'm talkin' 'bout you, I do mean you Talkin' 'bout you  Who is the sugar in my tea I'm talkin' 'bout you, I do mean you Who is the sugar in my tea I'm talkin' 'bout you, I do mean you Who is the sugar in my tea When I'm in trouble, who sees by me I'm talkin' 'bout you, I do mean you Talkin' 'bout you  Knows how to love me, in my way I'm talkin' 'bout you, I do mean you Knows how to love me, in my way I'm talkin' 'bout you Knows how to love me, in my way Always there, every night and day I'm talkin' 'bout you, I do mean you Talkin' 'bout you, I do mean you  Talkin' 'bout you, I'm talkin' 'bout you Talkin' 'bout you, I'm talkin' 'bout you Talkin' 'bout you, I'm talkin' 'bout you Talkin' 'bout you 
who cares (for me)-Ray Charles[SEP]As I walked down this old lonely street Well it seems like No one seen to wanna speak Oh who cares, oh who cares For me  All the world seem cold, everything is gray Nothin' seems the same since you went away Oh who cares, oh who cares For me  Surely happiness can be found Surely there's someone for me Must I go through life with this hopeless love Oh why can't I be set free  All I want is you, all I need is you But somehow I know that this just can't be Oh who cares, oh who cares For me  Surely happiness can be found Surely there's someone for me Must I go through life with this hopeless love Oh why can't I be set free  All I want is you, all I need is you But somehow I know that this just can't be Oh who cares, oh who cares For me  (Who who cares) (Who who cares) (Who who cares) (Who who cares) 
you've got me crying again-Ray Charles[SEP]You got me cryin' again You got me cryin' again What is this love all about I'm in and then I'm out  Your kisses right from the start They came from your lips not your heart You made me happy and then Somebody new looks good to you You got me cryin' again, just cryin' for you  Your kisses right from the start They came from your lips not your heart You made me happy and then Somebody new looks good to you You got me cryin' again, just cryin' for you 
i want a little girl-Ray Charles[SEP]She must be someone now who's all alone now Say, I want a little girl, yeah, to fall in love with me, oh yeah  You know I want a little girl, she may not look Just like a picture in a story book But if she can cook chicken, yeah, she'll suit me to a T, now  Oh, she don't have to wave her hair Or wear fancy clothes and I wouldn't even care If she didn't wear nylon hose, oh  'Cause I want a little girl to love a lot I say I'd give her everyting I got, now Because I want a little firl, now, to fall in love with me, yeah 
feelin' sad-Ray Charles[SEP]I'll tell the story just once again The way I love you, darling it's a sin You mended my heart, you broke once, baby And now you broken my heart again  Lying on my bed, I'm sick at home My mother's dead and my father's gone You said you'd stay here beside me, baby And now you left and I'm all alone  I was in Korea in '51 I had no love and that was no home I would send you all my money, baby And all the time you were doing me wrong  So now goodbye, if you called that home You left me here, just to cry and moan I'm about to lose my mind, baby So why did you have to roam?  Pray with me boys, please pray with me  Mhmmmmm Mhmmmmm Mhmmmmm Mhmmmmm Mhmmmmm  Hey Lord! I'm feeling sad, I'm feeling sad 
glad to be unhappy-Ray Charles[SEP]Look at yourself, if you had a sense of humor, you would laugh to beat the band Look at yourself, do you still believe the rumor that romance is simply grand? Since you took it right on the chin, you have lost that bright toothpaste grin My mental state is all a-jumble, I sit around and sadly mumble Fools rush in, so here I am, very glad to be unhappy I can't win, but here I am, more than glad to be unhappy Unrequited love's a bore, and I've got it pretty bad But for someone you adore, it's a pleasure to be sad Like a straying baby lamb, with no mammy and no pappy I'm so unhappy, but oh, so glad! 
deep in the heart of texas-Ray Charles[SEP]The stars at night are big and bright, Deep In the Heart of Texas  The Prairie Sky, is Wide and High, Deep In the Heart of Texas  The Sage in bloom is like perfume, Deep in the Heart of Texas  Reminds me of the one I love, Deep in the Heart of Texas  The Coyotes wail along the trail, Deep in the Heart of Texas  The rabbits rush around the brush Deep in the Heart of Texas  The cowboys cry, "Ki-yip-pee Yi" Deep in the Heart of Texas  The Dogies bawl, and bawl and bawl Deep In the Heart of Texas 
cherry-Ray Charles[SEP]Cherry, Cherry, ain't in a shame That you can't be sweet as your name Always flirtin', havin' your fun (having your fun) Never sayin' if I'm the one (if I'm the one)  But if I am, I'll hang around Till you grow up and settle down Oh will you (Cherry) while your heart's on a spree Cherry, save your loving for me (Cherry, I'll get you yet)  Cherry (Cherry) I say Cherry Woah, I'll make a bet Oh, Cherry, Cherry I'll get you yet 
guess i'll hang my tears out to dry-Ray Charles[SEP]The torch I carry is handsome, it's worth its heartache in ransom Now when that twilight steals, I know how the lady in the harbor feels When I want rain, I get sunny weather, I'm just as blue, blue as the sky Since love has gone, I can't get myself together, guess I'll hang my tears out to dry My friend ask me out, but I tell them I'm busy, I've got to get a new alibi I hang around at home, and ask myself: "Where is she?" Guess I'll hang my tears out to dry Dry little tear drops, my little tear drops, moving on a stream of dreams My little memories, those precious memories, remind me of our crazy schemes Then somebody says, just forget about her, but I gave that treatment a try Strangely enough, I got along without her Then one day she passed me right by - oh well I guess I'll hang my tears out to dry 
give her a kiss-Ray Charles[SEP][Lady Frog] Don't you feel the thrill of something Something, something in the air?  [Man Frog] Your eyes entice I mean they're nice. I admire your dress, your perfume And the way you dress your hair! That's where it ends! I mean we're friends!  [Birds, Bees, Etc.] Give her a kiss Face the issue, Give her a kiss Make her kiss you She'll adore it- Thank you for it. Give her a kiss Why have you lips? Give her a kiss Press those two lips. She's so lovely- Give her a kiss Take the lady by storm You know you can She'll reply with a warm "Man, you're my man" How can you miss? She will soften, Chances like this Don't come often. Now or never Give her a kiss. Take the lady by storm You know you can She'll reply with a warm "Man, you're my man" How can you miss? You can make it, Give her a kiss. She can take it, Now or never Give her a kiss. 
hard times (no one knows better than i)-Ray Charles[SEP]My mother told me before she passed away, Said, "Son, when I'm gone, don't forget to pray 'Cause there'll be hard times, Lord those hard times - Who knows better than I?"  Well I soon found out just what she meant When I had to pawn my clothes just to pay the rent; Talkin' 'about hard times, hard times Who knows better than I?  I had a woman, Lord, who was always around, But when I lost my money, she put me down. Talkin' 'bout hard times, you know those hard times, Yeah, Lord, who knows better than I?  Lord, one of these days, there'll be no sorrow When I pass away, And no more hard times, Yeah, yeah, who knows better than I? Yeah, Lord, who knows better than I? 
am i blue-Ray Charles[SEP]Am I blue? Am I blue? Ain't these tears In my eyes tellin'g you? Am I blue?  You'll be too, If each plan with you man Done fell through. Was a time I was his only one, But now I'm the sad And lonely one, "Lawdy," Was I gay? 'til today, Now he's gone and we're through, Am I blue? 
undecided-Ray Charles[SEP]First you say you do And then you don't And then you say you will And then you won't You're undecided now So what are you gonna do? Now you want to play And then it's no And when you say you'll stay That's when you go You're undecided now So what are you gonna do? I've been sitting on a fence And it doesn't make much sense 'cause you keep me in suspense And you know it Then you promise to return When you don't I really burn Well, I guess I'll never learn And I show it If you've got a heart And if you're kind Then don't keep us apart Make up your mind You're undecided now So what are you gonna do? 
i cried for you-Ray Charles[SEP]I cried for you Now it's your turn to cry over me  Every road must have a turning I know that's one thing that you're learning I cried for you What a fool I used to be  I found a love just a little bit truer I found a heart just a little bit newer I cried for you Now it's your turn to cry over me  Girl, I found a love just a little bit truer now I found a heart just a little bit newer Well I cried for you Woah, and it's your turn to cry over me 
it ain't gonna worry my mind-Ray Charles[SEP]It's the same old story that they all hand me The preacher tells me these are troubled times But I know the Lord's been in tougher scrapes then this one Ain't gonna worry, ain't gonna worry Ain't gonna worry my mind  Got no money in the pocket You don't get rich working overtime But as long as you can't buy the springtime in Virginia I ain't gonna worry, no I ain't gonna worry Ain't gonna worry my mind  Love is all that ever makes you richer Oh well, if the truth be told Moonlight's been my only silver And the sunlight's my only gold, mm hmm  So go on wishin', go on prayin' Go on sayin' I'll hit better times How in the world could you love me any better? Ain't gonna worry I tell ya I ain't gonna worry no, no more Ain't gonna worry my mind 
carry me back to old virginny-Ray Charles[SEP]Carry me back to old Virginny, There's where the cotton and the corn and tators grow, There's where the birds warble sweet in the spring time, There's where the darkies' heart am longed to go.  There's where I labored so hard for old massa, Day after day in the field of yellow corn, No place on earth do I love more sincerely, Than old Virginny the state where I was born.  Carry me back to old Virginny, There's where I lived till I withered and decay, Long by the old dismal swarm have I wandered, There's where these old darkies' life am passed away.  Massa and misses, have long gone before me, Soon we'll meet on that bright and golden shore. There's where we'll happy and free from all sorrow, There's where we'll live and we'll never part no more.  Carry me back to old Virginny, There's where the cotton and the corn and tators grow, There's where the birds warble sweet in the spring time, There's where the old darkies' heart am longed to go. 
empty tables-Ray Charles[SEP]It's like singin' to empty tables Or a gallery full of ghosts Or like givin' a great big party Where nobody shows but the host That's what it's been like, baby That's what it's been like all night Without you around to applaud me Every night's just like closing night And I'm singin', singin' the same old numbers 'n' I'm tellin' the same sad jokes And there's nothin' out front but mem'ries And lot of transparent folks So, please call, call and make a reservation In our favorite spot for two 'cause I'm singin' to empty tables without you Without you Without you 
seven spanish angels-Ray Charles[SEP]He looked down into her brown eyes And said, "Say a prayer for me." She threw her arms around him, Whispered, "God will keep us free."  They could hear the riders comin', He said, "This is my last fight. If they take me back to Texas, They won't take me back alive."  There were seven Spanish angels at the altar of the sun. They were prayin' for the lovers in the valley of the gun.  When the battle stopped and the smoke cleared, There was thunder from the throne, And seven Spanish angels took another angel home.  She reached down and picked the gun up That lay smoking in his hand. She said, "Father, please forgive me; I can't make it without my man."  And she knew the gun was empty, And she knew she couldn't win, But her final prayer was answered When the rifles fired again.  There were seven Spanish angels at the altar of the sun. They were prayin' for the lovers in the valley of the gun.  When the battle stopped and the smoke cleared, There was thunder from the throne, And seven Spanish angels took another angel home. 
ev'rybody loves you-Ray Charles[SEP]I wonder what you're dreaming while you're sleeping. I'll never know. You'll never know. Now at last the world cannot come peeping Into the thoughts you call your own. You close your eyes and you're alone. You're in a world that' s bright and new And there is no one in it but you.  Comfy and cozy, All the world is rosy. Ev'rybody loves you when you're asleep. Too late to start now Taking things apart now. Ev'rybody loves you when you're asleep.  You forget Your alphabet When you've been counting sheep Does my dreamer know troubles will keep? Comfy and cozy All the world is rosy. Ev'rybody loves you When you're asleep. 
a stranger in town-Ray Charles[SEP]There's A New Kid In Town We're looking for the king, the new Messiah We're following the star shining brighter. "Old man, won't you help us if you can," He shook his head but he pointed his hand.  There's a new kid in town, And he's lying in a manger down the road. There's a new kid in town, But he's just another baby I suppose, Heaven knows, There's a new kid in town, Here in Bethlehem.  I see you've traveled far bearing treasures You say these gifts are for the new King's pleasures I've heard that a king might come But up till now there hasn't been one.  There's a new kid in town, And he's lying in a manger down the road. There's a new kid in town, But he's just another baby I suppose, Heaven knows, There's a new kid in town, Here in Bethlehem.  There's a new kid in town, And he's lying in a manger down the road. There's a new kid in town, But he's just another baby I suppose, Heaven knows, There's a new kid in town, Here in Bethlehem. 
the man with the weird beard-Ray Charles[SEP](Beaver) (Beaver)  Straggly raggly hair on his chin Battered and tattered and ugly as sin Eagle-eyed and floppy-eared He's the man with the weird beard  Who is he, what is he, nobody knows Both of his heels are as bare as his toes Never had his whiskers sheared He's the man with the weird beard  It ain't black It ain't white It ain't short, it ain't long It just ain't right It's the craziest garden of hair Seven robins live in there  Walk with him, talk with him What do you find? More on his chin Than he's got on his mind And that's the story that I heared 'Bout the man with the weird beard  (Beaver) (Beaver)  (Straggly raggly hair on his chin) (Battered and tettered and ugly as sin) (Eagle-eyed and floppy-eared) (He's the man with the weird beard)  (Who is he what is he, nobody knows) (Both of his heels are as bare as his toes) (Never had his whiskers sheared) (He's the man with the weird beard)  It ain't green (no) It ain't gray (no) It ain't oats, it ain't corn It ain't hay (nay nay) It's a jungle that hangs from his ears He ain't seen his feet for years  Look at him, look at him Dressed in his best Wearin' a beaver Instead of a vest You ain't lived until you've heared 'Bout the man with the weird beard  I said the man with the weird beard I mean the man with the weird beard I said the man with the weird beard  (Beaver) (Beaver) (Ow) 
you be my baby-Ray Charles[SEP]You be my baby Don't give me no maybe Never, never make you cry  You be my honey Give you all my money I will 'til the day I die  Because I (never, never, never felt such a thrill) And I (never, never, never felt this way until) Woah (kiss me, kiss me, kiss me, can't get my fill)  You upset my world Come closer, girl  You be my lover There's no one above ya I want everyone to know  You look so tasty Like whipped cream pastry Never, never let you go  Because I (always, always, always want you by my side) (Always, always, always keep you satisfieed) You know (wanna, wanna, wanna make you be my bride) Won't you name the day Make it right away   You know you please me Don't ever leave me I always want you near  You know I need ya Come let me lead ya And make all your troubles disappear  Because I (love you, love you, love you everyday) Yeah (pet you, pet you, pet you in my own way) You won't (ever, ever, ever need to go astray) You understand Am I your man?  Yeah, baby, you know it's alright Come on, baby, and love me tonight Woah, baby, I wanna talk to you I need you, baby, to see me through 
busted-Ray Charles[SEP]My bills are all due and the baby needs shoes and I'm busted Cotton is down to a quarter a pound, but I'm busted I got a cow that went dry and a hen that won't lay A big stack of bills that gets bigger each day The county's gonna haul my belongings away cause I'm busted.  I went to my brother to ask for a loan cause I was busted I hate to beg like a dog without his bone, but I'm busted My brother said there ain't a thing I can do, My wife and my kids are all down with the flu, And I was just thinking about calling on you 'cause I'm busted.  Well, I am no thief, but a man can go wrong when he's busted The food that we canned last summer is gone and I'm busted The fields are all bare and the cotton won't grow, Me and my family got to pack up and go, But I'll make a living, just where I don't know cause I'm busted.  I'm broke, no bread, I mean like nothing, It's over 
tell me how do you feel-Ray Charles[SEP]Tell me how do you feel When your baby's loving your best friend? I wanna know  Tell me how do you feel When your baby's loving your best friend? Yeah  Do you feel like going crazy? - Or do you feel like always been?  Hey hey hey tell me do you feel? When your baby crosses your mind - I wanna know  Hey hey hey tell me do you feel? When your baby crosses your mind...yeah  Do you crack with loud laughter - Or do you break down and start crying  Tell me how do you feel partner I want the truth and not a lie - That's what I said  Tell me how do you feel partner I want the truth and not a lie...yeah  Because if you feel good on inside I must admit that you're a much better man than I  Would you feel happy, - Or would you feel sad When you're lost the best girl - That you've ever had  I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know I wanna know, Hey hey, I wanna know, I wanna know  Would you feel happy - Or would you feel sad When you're lost the best girl - That you've ever had  I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know I wanna know, Hey hey, I wanna know, I wanna know  It's alright, It's alright, It's alright, It's alright now  Oh baby I wanna know, Oh, I wanna know I wanna know know...I wanna know, I wanna know 
baby, don't you cry-Ray Charles[SEP]I say, baby, don't you cry You know I'll soon discover One day by and by That you loved another  No matter what you say I'm gonna leave you right away So now, baby, baby, don't you cry  Mmm, you know you can't deny I did my best to please you But you were so unkind But still I try to need you  True love that was sincere You didn't really care So now, baby, baby, don't you cry  And I remember, sweetheart, that it was you not I Who said that we must part, uh huh And the time has come to say goodbye So why do you cry, sweetheart  Hey, hey, baby, don't you cry Because I'm interfering You ought to be satisfied You know I'm gonna keep on caring  Why should you feel blue I'll tell you, I'm gonna be the one to lose Baby, baby, don't you cry  Whoa, baby, don't you cry Because of any hearing You ought to be satisfied because I'm gonna keep on caring  Why should you feel blue You know I'll be the one to lose So now, baby, baby, don't you cry 
yes indeed-Ray Charles[SEP]Yes indeed yes indeed I've got that feeling in me yes indeed You will shout when it hits you yes indeed Yes you'll shout when it hits you yes indeed When that spirit moves you you will shout hallelujah When it hits you you'll holler yes indeed It comes out if it's in you yes indeed It makes you shout Jack it sends you yes indeed When that jive starts jumpin' you will shout let me in there When it hits you you'll holler yes indeed Yes you'll shout when it hits you yes indeed... It comes out if it's in you yes indeed... Yes indeed yes indeed I've got that feeling in me yes indeed When that spirit moves you you will shout hallelujah When it hits you when it hits you When it hits you yes indeed 
drown in my own tears-Ray Charles[SEP]It brings a tear, Into my eyes, When I begin, To realize, I've cried so much, Since you've been gone, I guess I'm drowning in my own tears, I sit and cry, Just like a child My pouring tears Are runnin' wild If you don't think You'll be home soon I guess I'll drown in my own tears I know it's true Into each life Some rain, rain must pour I'm so blue Here without you It keeps raining More and more Why don't you Come on home Oh yes so I won't Be all alone If you don't think You'll be home soon I guess I'll (drown in my own tears) Ooh, don't let me (drown in my own tears) When I'm in trouble, baby (drown in my own tears) Oh, yeah, baby don't let me (drown in my own tears) I guess I'll drown in my own tears Oh, mmmmm. 
mary ann-Ray Charles[SEP]Well now, oh Mary Ann Well you sure look fine Well, oh oh now I could love you all the time  Well, now oh Mary Ann I said baby, don't ya know Well now, oh oh baby Don't ya know  Don't ya know baby That I love you so  Oh yeah, Mary Ann Gonna take you home tonight Oh baby, yeah, yeah Gonna take you home tonight If you let me baby I said I'll make everything all right 
two ton tessie-Ray Charles[SEP]Down in Nashville, Tennessee (oh yeah) There's a sight you oughta see (oh yeah) But as long as you can't get down there I'll tell you all, so listen to me  There's a girl named Tessie Town (oh yeah) And she weighs about four hundred pounds (oh yeah) She's fat and fair, but she don't care 'Cause the boys all hang around  They call her Two Ton Tessie from Tennessee Holds ten sweeties up on her knee When she does, all the fun begins When they play tennis on her double-chin  They all answer to her demands And bring her tires for wedding bands Well, I just got a little inside tip They promised her a nightclub on her hip Yeah, Two Ton Tessie from Nashville, Tennessee (She's from Tennessee)  (Every time she struts around) Uh-huh (She puts on an extra pound) Is that right? (But it doesn't seem to worry her) (The weight is making Tessie reknowned)  (Is a-trying to reduce) (And she's got a good excuse) (Fat and fair, but she don't care) ('Cause the boys all hang around)  (They call her) Two Ton Tessie from Tennessee Goes in swimming up to her knee Once she went in to her neck The tide rose up and made the town a wreck  She was hit on the railroad track Engines hit her and bounced right back Her appendix had to come out fast They couldn't operate, so they had to blast On Two Ton Tessie from Nashville, Tennessee (She's from Tennessee)  On a streetcar I heard 'em say Six men gave her a seat one day All the baseball players have stopped their gym They run around Tessie just to stay in trim Two ton Tessie from Knoxville, I mean a-Memphis Oh-ah, Nashville, Tennessee  (She's from Tennessee) A-that's right! 
get on the right track baby-Ray Charles[SEP]Get on the Right Track Baby Get on the Right Track Ba - by Get on the Right Track Baby, yeah Come on home and treat me wrong again  Get on the Right Track Baby Get on the Right Track Ba - by Get on the Right Track Baby, yeah Come on home and treat me wrong again  Yeah, I've been so blue and lonely I've tried both night and day But I'm begging you just one more time Come back if you don't stay  Get on the Right Track Baby Get on the Right Track Ba - by Get on the Right Track Baby, yeah Come on home and treat me wrong again  Yeah, I know you know I love you but yet you broke my heart in two But it's because I love you That I don't care what you do  Get on the Right Track Baby You better come home now Get on the Right Track Baby, yeah Come on home and treat me wrong again  Well, I'm begging you one more time, baby Down on bended knees Please, please come back home And give my poor heart ease  Get on the Right Track Baby Get on the Right Track Ba - by Get on the Right Track Baby, yeah Come on home and treat me wrong again That's what I say know 
lonely avenue-Ray Charles[SEP]Now my room has got two windows But the sunshine never comes through You know it's always dark and dreary Since I broke off, baby with you  I live on a lonely avenue My little girl wouldn't say I do Well, I feel so sad and blue And it's all because of you  I could cry, I could cry, I could cry I could die, I could die, I could die Because I live on a lonely avenue Lonely avenue  Now my covers they feel like lead And my pillow it feels like stone Well, I've tossed and turned so every night I'm not used to being alone  I live on a lonely avenue My little girl wouldn't say I do Well, I feel so sad and blue And it's all because of you  I could cry, I could cry, I could cry I could die, I could die, I could die Because I live on a lonely avenue Lonely avenue  Lonely avenue Lonely avenue  Now I've been so sad and lonesome Since you've left this town You know if I could beg or borrow the money Child, I would be a highway bound  I live on a lonely avenue My little girl wouldn't say I do Well, I feel so sad and blue You know its all because of you  I could cry, I could cry, I could cry I could die, I could die, I could die I live on a lonely avenue Lonely avenue 
funny (but i still love you)-Ray Charles[SEP]My dear sweetheart, I'm writing you Aguarde... Just a few lines to tell you that I'm low Oh, baby, my baby Funny, but I still love you  You went away, didn't say goodbye But I still love you, Lord, I wonder why Oh, baby, my baby Funny, but I still love you  I don't know who was right or who was wrong All I know as I'm so tired, so tired of being alone But if you care, like I care Catch the next stream line, bring yourself back here Oh, baby, my baby Funny, but I still love you  I miss your lovin' You know what I mean Remember how you used to make me scream Oh, baby, my baby It's funny, but I still love you 
blackjack-Ray Charles[SEP]Ah let me tell you people About this blackjack game It's caused me nothing but trouble And I've only myself to blame Hey hey hey yeah How unlucky can one man be Well every quarter I get Lord, blackjack takes it away from me My friends don't come around me Because I've been so blind I can't even borrow a nickle Now I've almost lost my mind Hey hey hey yeah How unlucky can one man be Well every quarter I get Lord, blackjack takes it away from me I sat there with two tens I thought I'd have some fun The dealer hit sixteen with a five Just enough to make twenty one Hey hey hey yeah yeah How unlucky can one man be Well every quarter I get Yeah, blackjack takes it away from me 
feudin' and fightin'-Ray Charles[SEP]Feudin' and fussin' and a-fightin,' Sometimes it gets to be excitin', now Don't like them ornery neighbors down by the creek We'll be plumb out of neighbors next week  Grandma, poor ol' grandma Tell me, why'd they have to shoot poor grandma She lies in the clover You see, someone caught her bending over Pickin' up a daisy!  Feduin' and fussin' and a-fightin' There is a wrong that needs a rightin' Let's get that funeral service over So then we can start in a-feudin' again  Daughter, baby daughter Poisened all the neighbors chickens Daughter hadn't oughter Least 'till she could run like the dickens They hit her with a shovel  Feudin' and fightin' and a-fussin' No use a-standin' here a-cussin', now Let's give our daughter a pistol now that she's four And go feudin' and fightin' some more 
i believe to my soul-Ray Charles[SEP]One of these days, and it won't be long, You're gonna look for me and I'll be gone 'Cause I believe (I believe, yes I believe)  I say I believe right now (I believe, yes I believe) Well I believe to my soul now, You're tryin' to make a fool of me (I believe it, I believe it) Well you're goin' 'round here with your head so hard, I think I'm gonna have to use my rod 'Cause I believe (I believe, yes I believe)  I say I believe right now (I believe, yes I believe) Well I believe to my soul now You're tryin' to make a fool of me (I believe it, I believe it) Last night you were dreaming and I heard you say "Oh, Johnny" when you know my name is Ray That's why I believe right now(I believe, yes I believe)  I say I believe right now (I believe, yes I believe) Well I believe to my soul now You're tryin' to make a fool of me (I believe it) 
drifting blues-Ray Charles[SEP]Whoa, I'm so lonesome baby, now I am in a travelin' mood, yes I am Whoa, I'm so lonesome now now, honey I tell ya I am in a travelin' mood, um hm Guess I'll have to hop a freight to California Cause I've got the travelin' blues, yes I have Sometime I feel like walkin', now now Well I have no walkin' shoes, no, no Well, sometime I feel like walkin', now now I tell you I got no walkin' shoes, do you believe me That's why I've got to hop a freight to California Cause I've got the travelin' blues, um hm Cause I keep drifting and drifting, Like a ship out on the sea. I keep drifting and drifting, now Like a ship out on the sea, well You see I ain't got no, nobody, In this world to care for me. If my baby, if my baby Would only take me back again. Oh now if my baby now Uh, would only take me back again. Well I may not be good for nothing, baby But you see I haven't got no friends. Play it, son  [Guitar Solo]  I'll give you all my money, now Tell me what more can I do, I wanna know (just give some more, just give some more, just give some more) I'll give you all my money, little girl Tell me what more can I do, I've got to know (just give some more, just give some more, just give some more)  Well you may be a good little girl sometime But you just won't be true Bye-bye baby, now Baby, bye-bye bye-bye (bye baby, bye-bye baby) Bye-bye baby, now Baby, bye-bye bye-bye (bye baby, bye-bye baby) Well it's too late to worry, I want you to know I said, oh, it's too late to cry (cry, cry, cry, no more) 
everybody has the blues(2005 reissue bonus track)-Ray Charles[SEP]Hey Ray, I feel so sad I guess you think that no one ever felt so bad before  Everybody has the blues Everybody has the blues Everybody knows the way that you feel today And I thought it was just me  Everybody gets to sit and cry Everybody gets to wonder why Everybody gets to watch the sky turn gray And guess what, this may get surprising to you  Some people lose your job Maybe you lost your girl Maybe you feel like we're losing your minds That's not the end of the world, hey  Everybody gets to feel some pain Everyone got to get caught out in the rain Everybody got some days that they can't explain  Play the blues, Ray Alright, here I come  On Dallas, even JR gets the blues Politicians get the blues TV anchor people, they get the blues Everybody, everybody has the blues 
willow, weep for me-Ray Charles[SEP]Willow weep for me Willow weep for me Bend your branches green along the stream that runs to sea Listen to my plea Hear me willow and weep for me Gone my lovers dream Lovely summer dream Gone and left me here to weep my tears into the stream Sad as I can be Hear me willow and weep for me Whisper to the wind and say that love has sinned Left my heart a-breaking, and making a moan Murmur to the night to hide its starry light So none will see me sighing and crying all alone Weeping willow tree Weep in sympathy Bend your branches down along the ground and cover me When the shadows fall, hear me willow and weep for me Oh, Weeping willow tree Weep in sympathy Bend your branches down along the ground and cover me When the shadows fall, hear me willow and weep for me 
teardrops from my eyes-Ray Charles[SEP]Every time it rains, you know I think of you And that's the time, well, I feel so blue When the rain starts to fall Across my windows pane And now it's raining teardrops from my eyes  Well if you see clouds here in my eyes You know it's just because you said goodbye Although the sun is shining There's no sunny skies Because it's raining teardrops from my eyes  Remeber the night you told me Our love would always be But I wouldn't be blue and lonely If you came back to me  Every single cloud would dissappear I'd wear a smile, baby if you were here So baby won't you hurry Because I need you so I tell you it's just raining teardrops from my eyes  Remeber that night you told me Our love would always be But I wouldn't be blue and lonely Well, if you came back to me  Every single cloud, I tell you  would dissappear And I'd wear a smile, baby if you were here So baby won't you hurry 'Cause I need you so To stop this raining teardrops from my eyes I say it's raining, ooh yeah 
fools rush in-Ray Charles[SEP][Instrumental opening - one full verse]  Fools rush in where angels fear to tread And so I come to you, my love, my heart above my head Though I see the danger there If there's a chance for me then I don't care Fools rush in where wise men never go But wise men never fall in love so how are they to know When we met I felt my life begin So open up your heart and let this fool rush in  [Instrumental close - one full verse] 
i got a woman-Ray Charles[SEP]Well...  I got a woman, way over town That's good to me, oh yeah Say I got a woman, way over town Good to me, oh yeah She give me money when I'm in need Yeah, she's a kind of friend indeed I got a woman, way over town That's good to me, oh yeah  She saves her lovin', early in the mornin' Just for me, oh yeah She saves her lovin', early in the mornin' Just for me, oh yeah She saves her lovin', just for me Yeah she loves me, so tenderly I got a woman, way over town That's good to me, oh yeah  She's there to love me Both day and night Never grumbles or fusses Always treats me right Never runnin' in the streets And leavin' me alone She knows a woman's place Is right there, now, in her home  I got a woman, way over town That's good to me, oh yeah Say I got a woman, way over town That's good to me, oh yeah Oh she's my baby, oh don't you understand Yeah, and I'm her lover man I got a woman, way over town That's good to me, oh yeah  Oh don't you know she's all right Oh don't you know she's all right She's all right, she's all right Whoa yeah 
fannie mae-Righteous Brothers[SEP]Want somebody, tell me what's wrong with me I want somebody, tell me what's wrong with me I ain't misbehaving that I got so much, oh, misery  I can hear your name a ringing on down the line (Fannie Mae) I can hear your name ringing on down the line (Fannie Mae) I wanna know if you don't, well, tell me if I'm wasting my time  Fannie Mae, baby, won't you please come home? (Fannie Mae) Fannie Mae, baby, won't you please come home? (Fannie Mae) Since you left me, baby, I never felt so all alone  I know oh, woah, oh, oh, hold me (I know, hold me) I know oh, woah, oh, oh, hold me (I know, hold me) I ain't misbehaving that I got so much, oh, misery  Fannie Mae, baby, won't you please come home? Fannie Mae, baby, won't you please come home? Since you left me, baby, I never felt so all alone  Ohh, Fannie Mae, Fannie Mae, come home, come home Come home, come home, come on home Ohh, Fannie Mae, Fannie Mae, come home, come home Come home, come home, come on home  Come home, come home, come home, come on home Come home, come home, come home, come on home 
i need a girl-Righteous Brothers[SEP]I need a girl (Ooh) A girl to love Please send a girl (Ooh) From the heaven's up above I want to love I want to call to someone Oh, I'm closely (Ooh) There must be a girl (Ooh) In this world for me If she is far away (Ooh) I'll swim every sea Just to kiss her Hold her and love her And whistle tenderly Whistle, so tenderly  (Love is too strong for any man to harm) That's why I, I need a girl now That's to stand by my side (Love comes to those who have love to give) I'll give my love for as long as I live  Just send a girl (Ooh) I'll marry someday Wish she can hear me (Ooh) Tell her what I said I want to love I, I, I, that's that I want, I want, I want to be loved (Ooh) Yeah, come one, come on Why don't you come on and send me some phat female now Yeah, I wanna everybody to know Gonna rise up and be somebody now Ooh 
love or magic-Righteous Brothers[SEP]Please tell me, darling Is it love I feel? Or is it magic Baby, that makes it seem so real? I got to know Is it love or is it magic That I feel in my heart for you?  I hope this groovy feeling Is never gonna stop If time will change it, baby I'm gonna turn back the clock I want to know Is it love or is it magic That I feel in my heart for you?  Woah If it's love, people gonna knock it down And if it's magic, I don't believe in it Well, if I'm dreaming, I don't care Please don't, don't you dare try to wake me 'Cause I'm happy as I can be Happy as I can be  Please tell me, darling Is it love I feel? Or is it magic Baby, that makes it seem so real? I got to know Is it love or is it magic That I feel in my heart for you?  Woah If it's love, people don't knock it And if it's magic, I don't believe in it Well, if I'm dreaming, I don't care Please don't, don't you dare try to wake me 'Cause I'm happy as I can be Happy as I can be  Is it love I feel? Is it love I feel? Is it love I feel? Is it love I feel? Is it love I feel? Is it love I feel? Is it love I feel? Is it love I feel? 
i just want to make love to you-Righteous Brothers[SEP]I don't want you to be no slave I don't want you to work all day I don't want you to be true I just want to make love to you  I don't want you to wash my clothes I don't want you to keep my home I don't want your money too I just want to make love to you  Well I can see by the way that you switch and walk And I can tell by the way that you baby talk And I know by the way that you treat your man I wanna love you baby, it's a cryin' shame  I don't want you to bake my bread I don't want you to make my bed I don't want you 'cause I'm sad and blue I just want to make love to you 
i'm leaving it up to you-Righteous Brothers[SEP]I'm leavin' it all up to you-ooh-ooh You decide what you're gonna do Now do you want my lo-o-ove? Or are we through?  That's why I'm leaving it up to you-ooh-ooh You decide what you're gonna do Now do you want my lo-o-ove? Or are we through?  I've got my heart in my hand I-I don't understand Baby, what, what have I done wrong? You know, I worship the ground that you walk on  That's why I'm leavin' it up to you-ooh-ooh You decide what you're gonna do Now do you want my lo-o-ove? Or are we through? 
if you're lying, you'll be crying-Righteous Brothers[SEP]Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Hey  I'm a man now, been a few Of loving you and been a few I don't want myself to be that way I believe what you tell me, that's why I, I wanna stay  But if you're lying to me, baby You'll be crying someday (You'll be crying, crying someday) And I'll never hurt you, woman (Whoa) I hope it's gonna stay that way, yeah (Yeah) Whoa, yeah  All my friends say you put me down They say you hurt every man in town I don't care about the other men But if you hurt me, woman, that's something [?]  So if you're lying to me, baby You'll be crying someday (You'll be crying, crying someday) I said that I'll never hurt you, woman (Whoa) I hope it's gonna stay that way, yeah (Yeah) Whoa, yeah  Your big, mean brother wants a [?] side of my head, yeah Your old man, he'd rather hang instead Your mama's got a gun, she wants to run me out of town But I ain't gon' walk, woman, if you want me around  But if you're lying to me, baby You'll be crying someday (You'll be crying, crying someday) I said that I'll never hurt you, woman (Whoa) I hope it's gonna stay that way, yeah (Yeah) Yeah  (You'll be crying, crying someday) Yeah, you'll be crying, pretty lady (You'll be crying, crying someday) [?] (You'll be crying, crying someday) Yeah, you'll be crying (You'll be crying, crying someday) 
young blood-Righteous Brothers[SEP]Do you see, do you care? Do you even notice I'm there? The road goes on to the end And you're the friend of a friend  So we meet and we smile And inside I'm only a child But lies have lost their appeal My eyes betrayed what I feel  I've been waiting so long for this dream to come true And maybe we can work it out this time But is it so wrong to feel like I do For someone who'll never be mine?  I've been hoping so long you would want me one day Perhaps this time around you'd just might But is it so wrong to love you this way When loving you feels so right?  Do you see and do you know? If you do, you don't let it show The world is on all around And I can always be found  So I walk and I ran And I prayed it isn't too late For who knows better than I If time is passing me by?  I've been waiting so long for this dream to come true And maybe we can work it out this time But is it so wrong to feel like I do For someone who'll never be mine?  I've been hoping so long you would want me one day But I never once believed you really would And is it so wrong to love you this way When loving you feels so good? Tell me, is it so wrong to love you this way When loving you feels so good? 
what'd i say-Righteous Brothers[SEP]Hey mama, don't you treat me wrong Come and love your daddy all night long All right now, hey hey, all right See the girl with the diamond ring She knows how to shake that thing All right now now now, hey hey, hey hey Tell your mama, tell your pa I'm gonna send you back to Arkansas Oh yes, ma'm, you don't do right, don't do right Aw, play it boy When you see me in misery Come on baby, see about me Now yeah, all right, all right, aw play it, boy When you see me in misery Come on baby, see about me Now yeah, hey hey, all right See the girl with the red dress on She can do the Birdland all night long  Yeah yeah, what'd I say, all right Well, tell me what'd I say, yeah Tell me what'd I say right now Tell me what'd I say Tell me what'd I say right now Tell me what'd I say Tell me what'd I say yeah  And I wanna know Baby I wanna know right now And-a I wanna know And I wanna know right now yeah And-a I wanna know Said I wanna know yeah  Hey, don't quit now! (c'mon honey) Naw, I got, I uh-uh-uh, I'm changing (stop! stop! we'll do it again) Wait a minute, wait a minute, oh hold it! Hold it! Hold it! Hey (hey) ho (ho) hey (hey) ho (ho) hey (hey) ho (ho) hey Oh one more time (just one more time) Say it one more time right now (just one more time) Say it one more time now (just one more time) Say it one more time yeah (just one more time) Say it one more time (just one more time) Say it one more time yeah (just one more time)  Hey (hey) ho (ho) hey (hey) ho (ho) hey (hey) ho (ho) hey Ah! Make me feel so good (make me feel so good) Make me feel so good now yeah (make me feel so good) Woah! Baby (make me feel so good) Make me feel so good yeah (make me feel so good) Make me feel so good (make me feel so good) Make me feel so good yeah (make me feel so good) Huh (huh) ho (ho) huh (huh) ho (ho) huh (huh) ho (ho) huh Awh it's all right (baby it's all right) Said that it's all right right now (baby it's all right) Said that it's all right (baby it's all right) Said that it's all right yeah (baby it's all right) Said that it's all right (baby it's all right) Said that it's all right (baby it's all right)  Woah! Shake that thing now (baby shake that thing) Baby shake that thing now now (baby shake that thing) Baby shake that thing (baby shake that thing) Baby shake that thing right now (baby shake that thing) Baby shake that thing (baby shake that thing) Baby shake that thing (baby shake that thing) Woah! I feel all right now yeah (make me feel all right) Said I feel all right now (make me feel all right) Woooah! (make me feel all right) Tell you I feel all right (make me feel all right) Said I feel all right (make me feel all right) Baby I feel all right (make me feel all right) 
i can't make it alone-Righteous Brothers[SEP]Now you know me And you know how proud I am And what I'm gonna tell you now Won't be easy to say  Before I left you I was a happy man But I've been so lonely Since you've been away  And girl, I've tried and I know I can't make it alone It's such a hard way to go, I just can't make it alone There's something in my soul That will always lead me back to you  What can I say now? Being sorry is just not good enough I wouldn't blame you if you hurt me now The way I hurt you then  But who else can I turn to? Baby, I'm begging you Please reach out to a dying man And let him live again  'Cause girl, I've tried and I know I can't make it alone It's such a hard way to go I just can't make it alone There's something in my soul That will always lead me back to you  Help me, girl, I need you Please help me 
hey, girl-Righteous Brothers[SEP]Hey, Girl! I want you to know, I'm gonna miss you so much if you go. And, Hey, Girl! I tell you no lie, Something deep inside of me's going to die, if you say so long, if this is goodbye. Oh!  Hey, Girl! This can't be true, How am I supposed to exist without you? And, Hey, Girl! Now don't put me on, What's gonna happen to me when you're gone. How will I live. How can I go on. How can I go on? Hey, Girl!  Hey, Girl! Now sit yourself down, I'm not ashamed to get down on the ground, Don't go away. Hey, Girl! Don't go away. Hey, Girl! 
ko ko mo-Righteous Brothers[SEP]Talk to me, baby Whisper in my ear Talk to me, baby Whisper in my ear Come a little closer Don't have no fear  Heard what you told me Heard what you said Heard what you told me Heard what you said Don't worry my pretty Won't lose my head  Don't you know That I love you so? Well, don't you know That I love you so? When I holler hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Ko ko mo  Dimples on her elbows Dimples on her knees Dimples on her elbows Dimples on her knees She thrills and thrills me With just a little squeeze  Don't you know That I love you so? Well, don't you know That I love you so? When I holler hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Ko ko mo  Ko ko, a ko ko mo Ko ko, a ko ko mo Ko ko, a ko ko mo Ko ko, a ko ko mo Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey A ko ko mo 
you've lost that lovin' feelin'-Righteous Brothers[SEP]You never close your eyes anymore when I kiss your lips And there's no tenderness like before in your fingertips You're trying hard not to show it, (baby) But baby, baby I know it  You've lost that lovin' feelin' Whoa, that lovin' feelin' You've lost that lovin' feelin' Now it's gone...gone...gone...woah  Now there's no welcome look in your eyes when I reach for you And now you're starting to criticize the things I do It makes me just feel like crying (baby) 'Cause baby, something beautiful's dying  You lost that lovin' feelin' Whoa, that lovin' feelin' You've lost that lovin' feelin' Now it's gone...gone...gone...woah  Baby baby, I get down on my knees for you If you would only love me like you used to do, yeah We had a love, a love, a love you don't find everyday So don't, don't, don't, don't let it slip away  Baby (baby), baby (baby) I beg of you please...please I need your love (I need your love) I need your love (I need your love) Well, bring it on back (So bring it on back) Bring it on back (so bring it on back)  Bring back that lovin' feelin' Whoa, that lovin' feelin' Bring back that lovin' feelin' 'Cause it's gone...gone...gone And I can't go on, woah  Bring back that lovin' feelin' Whoa, that lovin' feelin' Bring back that lovin' feelin' 'Cause it's gone...gone... 
never say i love you-Righteous Brothers[SEP]Hey baby, are you sleeping? There's something I think we oughta talk about I can't put my finger on it, but honey I know there's something wrong  It's the same hello you gave me When I came home tonight Your kiss was warm and tender And the same arms held me tight  Now you laying right here beside me Something that you always do Oh, it isn't what you say that's been givin' you away I just know that I'm losing you  You can tell me that you need me That you're feeling it deep inside You can go through all the motions Of a woman who's satisfied  Spend your life pretending It's as good as it was before But you never say I love you anymore  We're a pretty good combination In everybody else's eyes They see us both together Only we know the truth, only we know the lie  You can tell me that you need me That you're feeling it deep inside You can go through all the motions Of a woman who's satisfied  Spend, spend your life pretending It's as good as it was before But you never say I love you I love you anymore  You can tell me that you need me That you're feeling it deep inside You can go through all the motions Of a woman who's satisfied  You can tell me that you need me That you're feeling it deep inside You can go through all the motions Of a woman who's satisfied 
you are my sunshine-Righteous Brothers[SEP]The other night, as I lay sleeping I dreamed I held you, held you in my arms But when I woke up, yeah, found out I was mistaken Ooh I hung my head, hung my head and cried  You are my sunshine, my only sunshine Little girl you make me happy when the skies are grey But you'll never know dear, just how much I love you So please don't take, don't take my sunshine away  You told me once, dear, that you really loved me And that no one could take my pain But now you've left me and love another And you've shattered, shattered all my dreams  Yeah you are my sunshine, my only sunshine (oh my sunshine) You make me happy, yeah (you make me happy) when my skies are grey But you'll never know dear, how much that I love you So please don't take (I would never) not if you need me (no, you know I need you now) Not if you want me, (no, you know I want you now) Not if you need me girl (no, you know I need you now)  Please don't take, (no, no, no) don't take my sunshine Don't take my sunshine, (no, no, no, no) don't take my sunshine Don't take my sunshine away 
my eyes adored you-Frankie Valli[SEP]My eyes adored you Though I never laid a hand on you My eyes adored you Like a million miles away from me You couldn't see how I adored you So close, so close and yet so far away  Carried your books from school Playing make-believe you're married to me You were fifth grade, I was sixth When we came to be  Walking home every day Over Barnegat Bridge and Bay Till we grew into the me and you Who went our separate ways  My eyes adored you Though I never laid a hand on you My eyes adored you Like a million miles away from me You couldn't see how I adored you So close, so close and yet so far  Headed for city lights Climbed the ladder up to fortune and fame I worked my fingers to the bone Made myself a name  Funny, I seem to find That no matter how the years unwind Still I reminisce about the girl I miss And the love I left behind  My eyes adored you Though I never laid a hand on you My eyes adored you Like a million miles away from me You couldn't see how I adored you So close, so close and yet so far  All my life I will remember How warm and tender We were way back then Though I'm feeling sad regrets I know I won't ever forget you, my childhood friend  'My eyes adored you Though I never laid a hand on you My eyes adored you Like a million miles away from me You couldn't see how I adored you So close, so close and yet so far  My eyes adored you Though I never laid a hand on you My eyes adored you 
can't take my eyes off you-Frankie Valli[SEP]You're just too good to be true Can't take my eyes off you You'd be like heaven to touch I wanna hold you so much  At long last love has arrived And I thank God I'm alive You're just too good to be true Can't take my eyes off you  Pardon the way that I stare There's nothing else to compare The sight of you leaves me weak There are no words left to speak  But if you feel like I feel Please let me know that it's real You're just too good to be true Can't take my eyes off you  I love you, baby And if it's quite alright, I need you, baby To warm a lonely night, I love you, baby Trust in me when I say  Oh, pretty baby Don't bring me down, I pray, oh pretty baby Now that I found you, stay And let me love you, baby Let me love you  You're just too good to be true Can't take my eyes off you You'd be like heaven to touch I wanna hold you so much  At long last love has arrived And I thank God I'm alive You're just too good to be true Can't take my eyes off you  I love you, baby And if it's quite alright I need you, baby To warm a lonely night, I love you, baby Trust in me when I say  Oh, pretty baby Don't bring me down, I pray, oh pretty baby Now that I found you, stay, oh pretty baby Trust in me when I say  Oh, pretty baby 
jump-Kris Kross[SEP]Jump, jump You should know, you should know that ahhh Kris Kross is not having anything today As we stand there totally crossed out We commence to make you  Jump, jump The Mac Dad will make ya Jump Jump The Daddy Mac will make ya Jump Jump Kris Kross will make ya Jump Jump  Don't try to compare us to another bad little fad I'm the Mac and I'm bad givin' ya something that you never had I'll make ya bump hump wiggle and shake your rump 'Cause I'll be kicking the flavor that makes you wanna Jump How high? Real high Cause I'm just so fly A young lovable, huggable type of guy And everything is to the back with a little slack 'Cause inside-out its wiggida wiggida wiggida wack I come stompin' with somethin' pumpin' to keep you jumpin' R&B - rap is bullcrap is what I'm dumpin' And ain't nuthin' soft about Kris Kross we all that So when they ask do they rock say believe that  Jump, jump The Mac Dad will make ya jump, jump A Daddy Mac will make ya jump, jump Kris Kross will make ya jump, jump Uh huh uh huh Jump, jump The Mac Dad will make ya jump, jump A Daddy Mac will make ya jump, jump Kris Kross will make ya jump, jump  I like my stuff knockin' knockin' I love it when a girlies be like jockin' jockin' The D-A-double D-Y-M-A-C Yeah you know me I got you jumpin' an' bumpin' an' pumpin' movin' all around G In the mix I made MC's steps back They tried to step to the Mac then they got jacked To the back you'll be sportin' the gear that's coincidental Act like you know and don't be claiming that it's mental  Two lil' kids with a flow you ain't ever heard And nuttin' fake and you can understand every word As you listen to my cool smooth melody The Daddy makes you J-U-M-P  Jump Jump The Mac Dad will make you jump, jump A Daddy Mac will make you jump, jump Kris Kross will make you jump, jump Uh huh uh huh Jump Jump The Mac Dad will make you jump, jump A Daddy Mac will make you jump, jump Kris Kross will make you jump, jump  Now, the formalities of this and that Is that Kris Kross ain't comin' off wack And for all ya'll sucks that don't know Check it out  Some of them try to rhyme but they can't rhyme like this (Go, go!) Some of them try to rhyme but they can't rhyme like this (Go, go!) Some of them try to rhyme but they can't rhyme like this (Go, go!) Some of them try to rhyme but they can't (Go, go!) 'Cause I'm the miggida miggida miggida Mac Daddy The Miggida miggida miggida Mac 'Cause I'm the miggida miggida miggida Mac Daddy The Miggida miggida miggida Mac  I make you wanna  [4x] Jump Jump The Mac Dad will make you jump, jump A Daddy Mac will make you jump, jump Kris Kross will make you jump, jump Uh huh uh huh  Believe dat! 
indian reservation (the lament of the cherokee reservation indian)-Paul Revere & the Raiders[SEP]They took the whole Cherokee nation Put us on this reservation Took away our ways of life The tomahawk and the bow and knife  Took away our native tongue And taught their English to our young And all the beads we made by hand Are nowadays made in Japan  Cherokee people Cherokee tribe So proud to live So proud to die  They took the whole Indian nation Locked us on this reservation Though I wear a shirt and tie I'm still part redman deep inside  Cherokee people Cherokee tribe So proud to live So proud to die  But maybe someday when we've learned Cherokee nation will return Will return, will return Will return, will return 
kicks-Paul Revere & the Raiders[SEP]Girl, you thought you found the answer On that magic carpet ride last night But when you wake up in the mornin' The world still gets you uptight  Well, there's nothin' that you ain't tried To fill the emptiness inside But when you come back down, girl Still ain't feelin' right  And don't it seem like Kicks just keep gettin' harder to find And all your kicks ain't bringin' you peace of mind Before you find out it's too late, girl You better get straight  No, but not with kicks You just need help, girl  Well you think you're gonna find yourself A little piece of paradise But it ain't happened yet So girl, you better think twice  Don't you see, no matter what you do You'll never run away from you And if you keep on runnin' You'll have to pay the price  And don't it seem like Kicks just keep gettin' harder to find And all your kicks ain't bringin' you peace of mind Before you find out it's too late, girl You better get straight  No, you don't need kicks To help you face the world each day That road goes nowhere I'm gonna help you find yourself another way  Kicks just keep gettin' harder to find (Oh, you don't need kicks, girl) And all your kicks ain't bringin' you peace of mind (You just need help, girl) Before you find out it's too late, girl You better get straight  And don't it seem like Kicks just keep gettin' harder to find (Oh, you don't need kicks, girl) And all your kicks ain't bringin' you peace of mind (You just need help, girl) Before you find out it's too late, girl You better get straight 
joy to the world-Three Dog Night[SEP]Jeremiah was a bull frog Was a good friend of mine I never understood a single word he said But I helped him drink his wine And he always had some mighty fine wine  Singin' Joy to the world All the boys and girls, now Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea Joy to you and me  If I were the king of the world Tell you what I'd do I'd throw away the cars and the bars and the wars Make sweet love to you  Singin' now Joy to the world All the boys and girls Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea Joy to you and me  You know I love the ladies Love to have my fun I'm a high night flier and a rainbow rider A straight-shootin' son of a gun I said a straight shootin' son of a gun  Joy to the world All the boys and girls Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea Joy to you and me  Joy to the world All the boys and girls Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea Joy to you and me  Joy to the world All the boys and girls Joy to the world Joy to you and me  Joy to the world All the boys and girls, now Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea Joy to you and me  Joy to the world All the boys and girls Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea Joy to you and me 
in da club-50 Cent[SEP]Go, go, go, go Go, go, go shorty It's your birthday We gon' party like it's your birthday We gon' sip Bacardi like it's your birthday And you know we don't give a fuck It's not your birthday!  You find me in the club, bottle full of bub' Look mami, I got the X, if you're into takin' drugs I'm into having sex, I ain't into making love So come give me a hug if you're into getting rubbed  You find me in the club, bottle full of bub' Look mami, I got the X, if you're into takin' drugs I'm into having sex, I ain't into making love So come give me a hug if you're into getting rubbed  When I pull up out front, you see the Benz on dubs When I roll 20 deep, it's 20 knives in the club Niggas heard I fuck with Dre, now they wanna show me love When you sell like Eminem, and the hoes they wanna fuck But homie, ain't nothin' changed: hoes down, G's up I see Xzibit in the cut hey nigga roll the weed up If you watch how I move you'll mistake me for a player or pimp Been hit with a few shells but I don't walk with a limp In the hood, in L.A. they saying "50 you hot" They like me, I want them to love me like they love 'Pac But holla in New York them niggas'll tell you I'm loco And the plan is to put the rap game in a choke hold I'm fully focused man, my money on my mind Got a mil' out the deal and I'm still on the grind Now shorty said she feeling my style, she feeling my flow Her girlfriend willing to get bi and they ready to go  You find me in the club, bottle full of bub' Look mami, I got the X, if you're into takin' drugs I'm into having sex, I ain't into making love So come give me a hug if you're into getting rubbed  You find me in the club, bottle full of bub' Look mami, I got the X, if you're into takin' drugs I'm into having sex, I ain't into making love So come give me a hug if you're into getting rubbed  My flow, my show brought me the dough That bought me all my fancy things My crib, my cars, my pools, my jewels Look nigga I done came up and I ain't changed  And you should love it way more than you hate it Nigga you mad? I thought that you'd be happy I made it I'm that cat by the bar toasting to the good life You that faggot-ass nigga trying to pull me back right? When my joint get to pumping in the club it's on I wink my eye at your bitch, if she smiles she gone If the roof on fire, let the motherfucker burn If you talking about money homie, I ain't concerned I'mma tell you what Banks told me, "'Cause go 'head switch the style up If niggas hate then let 'em hate And watch the money pile up." Or we can go upside your head with a bottle of bub' They know where we fucking be  You find me in the club, bottle full of bub' Look mami, I got the X, if you're into takin' drugs I'm into having sex, I ain't into making love So come give me a hug if you're into getting rubbed  You find me in the club, bottle full of bub' Look mami, I got the X, if you're into takin' drugs I'm into having sex, I ain't into making love So come give me a hug if you're into getting rubbed  Don't try to act like you don't know where we be neither nigga We in the club all the time nigga So pop pop off nigga G-Unit 
sugar-Maroon 5[SEP]I'm hurting, baby, I'm broken down I need your loving, loving I need it now When I'm without you I'm something weak You got me begging, begging I'm on my knees  [Pre-Chorus:] I don't wanna be needing your love I just wanna be deep in your love And it's killing me when you're away, ooh, baby, 'Cause I really don't care where you are I just wanna be there where you are And I gotta get one little taste  [Chorus:] Your sugar Yes, please Won't you come and put it down on me? I'm right here, 'cause I need Little love, a little sympathy Yeah, you show me good loving Make it alright Need a little sweetness in my life Your sugar Yes, please Won't you come and put it down on me?  My broken pieces You pick them up Don't leave me hanging, hanging Come give me some When I'm without ya I'm so insecure You are the one thing, one thing I'm living for  [Pre-Chorus:] I don't wanna be needing your love I just wanna be deep in your love And it's killing me when you're away, ooh, baby, 'Cause I really don't care where you are I just wanna be there where you are And I gotta get one little taste  [Chorus:] Your sugar Yes, please Won't you come and put it down on me? I'm right here, 'Cause I need Little love, a little sympathy Yeah, you show me good loving Make it alright Need a little sweetness in my life Your sugar! (sugar!) Yes, please (yes, please) Won't you come and put it down on me?  Yeah I want that red velvet I want that sugar sweet Don't let nobody touch it Unless that somebody's me I gotta be your man There ain't no other way 'Cause girl you're hotter than a southern California day  I don't wanna play no games You don't gotta be afraid Don't give me all that shy shit No make-up on That's my  [Chorus:] Sugar Yes, please (please) Won't you come and put it down on me (down on me)? I'm right here (right here), 'cause I need ('cause I need) Little love, a little sympathy So, baby, (yeah) you show me good loving Make it alright Need a little sweetness in my life Your sugar! (sugar!) Yes, please (yes, please) Won't you come and put it down on me?  [Chorus:] Sugar Yes, please Won't you come and put it down on me? I'm right here, 'cause I need Little love, a little sympathy Yeah, you show me good loving Make it alright Need a little sweetness in my life  Your sugar! (sugar!) Yes, please (yes, please) Won't you come and put it down on me? (down on me, down on me) 
this love-Maroon 5[SEP]I was so high I did not recognize The fire burning in her eyes The chaos that controlled my mind Whispered "Goodbye", she got on a plane Never to return again But always in my heart  This love has taken its toll on me She said "Goodbye" too many times before And her heart is breaking in front of me And I have no choice 'cause I won't say goodbye anymore  I tried my best to feed her appetite Keep her coming every night So hard to keep her satisfied Kept playing love like it was just a game Pretending to feel the same Then turn around and leave again, But I know...  This love has taken its toll on me She said "Goodbye" too many times before And her heart is breaking in front of me And I have no choice 'cause I won't say goodbye anymore  I'll fix these broken things Repair your broken wings And make sure everything's alright My pressure on your hips Sinking my fingertips Into every inch of you 'Cause I know that's what you want me to do  This love has taken its toll on me She said "Goodbye" too many times before And her heart is breaking in front of me And I have no choice 'cause I won't say goodbye anymore  This love has taken its toll on me She said "Goodbye" too many times before And my heart is breaking in front of me She said "Goodbye" too many times before  This love has taken its toll on me She said "Goodbye" too many times before And her heart is breaking in front of me And I have no choice 'cause I won't say goodbye anymore... 
miuzi weighs a ton-Public Enemy[SEP]Yo Chuck, run a power move on them  Yeeaahh [x3]  Yeeaahh  Step back, get away - give the brother some room You got to all turn me up when the beat goes boom Lyric to lyric - line to line Then you y'all understand my reputation for rhyme Cause my rhyme reputation depends on what Style of record my DJ cuts His slice an' dice - super mix so nice So bad, you won't dispute the price Cause it's plain to see - it's a strain to be Number one in the public I enemy Cause I'm wanted in 50 - almost 51 States where the posse got me on the run It's a big wonder why I haven't gone under Dodgin' all types of microphone thunder A fugitive missin' all types of hell All this because I talk so well When I,  [Chorus:] Rock - get up - get down Miuzi weighs a ton Hold it [x4]  The match up title - the expression of thrill For elite to compete and attempt to get ill If looks could kill - I'd chill until All the public catches on to my material - you know The ducks criticize my every phase of rapture Can't wait to read the headlines of my capture Accused of assault - a 1st degree crime Cause I beat competitors with my rhyme Tongue whipped, pushed, shoved and tripped Coocked from the hold of my Kung Fu grip And if you want my title - it would be suicidal From my end - it would be homicidal When I do work - you get destroyed All the paranoid - know to avoid The Public Enemy seat I've enjoyed This is no kid and I'm not no toy boy  [Chorus (x4)]  I'm a Public Enemy but I don't rob banks I don't shoot bullets and I don't shoot blanks My style is supreme - number one is my rank And I got more power than the New York Yanks If Miuzi wasn't heavy I'd probably fire it I'd make you walk the plank if I was a pirate If they made me a King - I would be a tyrant If you want to get me - go ahead and try it Snatcher, dispatcher, biter never been a Instead of takin' me out - take a girl to dinner The level of comp has never been thinner It's a runaway race where I'm the winner It's unreal - they call the law And claimed I had started a war It was war they wanted and war they got But they wilted in the heat when Miuzi got hot  [Chorus (x4)]  My style versatile said without rhymes Which is why they're after me an' on my back Lookin' over my shoulder - seein' what I write Hearin' what I say - then wonderin' why Why they can't ever compete on my level Superstar status is my domain Understand my rhythm - my pattern of lecture And then you'll know why I'm on the run This change of events results in a switch It's the lateral movement of my vocal pitch It eliminates pressure on the haunted But the posse is around so I got to front it Plus employ tactics so coy And leave no choise but to destroy Soloists, groups and what they say And all that try to cross my way When I,  [Chorus (x4)]  Yeah, that's right Public Enemy number one in New York Public Enemy number one in Philly Public Enemy number one in DC Public Enemy number one in Cleveland, Ohio Also where Public Enemy number one in St. Louis Public Enemy number one in New Jersey And bust it Where also, Public Enemy number one in Cincinnati In Atlanta 
beyond trayvon-Public Enemy[SEP][Professor Griff] From the pages of the cress theory, I know you hear me If you out there, listen up, u might feel me Do I, look suspicious on this track, wit the black in it Black hoodie, consciousness and black facts Young kid shot, is the cry we heard Like emmitt til, it was tears and our hearts fell No arrest warrant and no weapon found One eye witness, black body down I can hear it now, it's the same ole racist shit Thought he had a gun, is the same ole some bullshit Confessions, of a trigger happy hit man Murderous homicidal nature, there racist plan Burying our black boys, blood thirsty hungar games The face of race is white, they got no shame Stand your ground, legalize lynch law Touch another black kid you have to touch us all  [Rahmega] Its time to stand up and just fight for what you believe in I don't call it violence I just call it self defense, call it black intelligence braw to you by the people You just in it to get it, I am in it to make a change, in it to change the game, in it to rearrange, modern day lynching  All that leave us is pain, knowledge is power, all I give you is with brains, you see its money power respect, all seems the same.  [Khalilwho] Get fear looks But I live round here My house right next to yours But I still get stares In a World of wrongness And fights for the strongest What's the innocent to do When the fight gets brought kid No way your that scared of my hoodie People everywhere getting snared over hoodies Seen a couple pairs get aired by the hoodies But They don't care My skin's bared under hoodies  [Jamal Malik aka Young Junior] This world is so chaotic all I witness is violence Watching my brothers die and their sons grow with no guidance Truth's what I'm providing to all those who've been blinded Being sold this equality bullshit I ain't buying I'm so sick and tired of being profiled and instantly Watched close suspiciously because of my ethnicity So stereotypical its despicable And every black male in a hoodie isn't a criminal  [Goonie B] This is everyday life where I'm from it goes on but I swear it can not go beyond trevon because I'm wearing a hoodie I gotta get shot or stopped by the cops its not just in flordia its out in farrock people really expect us to act civil right we got a black president and still fighting for civil rights we need to come togeather and unite because its time to fight the power so put your fists up in the sky  [Chuck D] Freed the ass Mind followed With raps that killed tomorrow Cant support it Fought it But somebody bought it Community caught it But the government taught it And all you heard Violence hard drugs sex and murder Songs never hated artists who Keep making em Strong against the wrong Whats been created But look Many neighborhoods still devestated I say it Flows overrated Shows underrated I hate it When its degrated and downgraded Spittin copywritten To music Some of yall grew up to use it People don't dance to it and just abuse it Yall say that When I say this Injustice still goes on Beyond trayvon Thank you nme sun For this word to the young You the future Save our daughters and sons 
mind terrorist-Public Enemy[SEP]Take that, ha ha, yeah boy Best for your face Take that, ha ha, yeah boy Best for your face  Take that, best, best for your face Best for your face, best for your face Take that, ha ha, yeah boy Best for your face  Take that, ha ha, yeah boy Best for your face Take that, ha ha, yeah boy Best for your face  Take that, ha ha, take that Take that, ha ha, take that Take that, ha ha, take that Best, best, best, best for your face 
night of the living basheads-Public Enemy[SEP]Here it is BAMMM And you say, Goddamn This is the dope jam But lets define the term called dope And you think it mean funky now, no Here is a true tale Of the ones that deal Are the ones that fail Yeah You can move if you wanna move What it prove It's here like the groove The problem is this - we gotta' fix it Check out the justice - and how they run it Sellin', smellin' Sniffin', riffin' And brothers try to get swift an' Sell to their own, rob a home While some shrivel to bone Like comatose walkin' around Please don't confuse this with the sound I'm talking about...BASS  I put this together to... Rock the bells of those that Boost the dose Of lack a lack And those that sell to Black Shame on a brother when he dealin' The same block where my 98 be wheelin' And everybody know Another kilo From a corner from a brother to keep another - Below Stop illin' and killin' Stop grillin' Yo, black, yo (we are willin') 4, 5 o'clock in the mornin' Wait a minute y'all The fiends are fiendin' Day to day they say no other way This stuff... Is really bad I'm talkin' 'bout...BASS  Yo, listen I see it on their faces (First come first serve basis) Standin' in line Checkin' the time Homeboys playin' the curb The same ones that used to do herb Now they're gone Passin' it on Poison attack - the Black word bond Daddy-O Once said to me He knew a brother who stayed all day in his jeep And at night he went to sleep And in the mornin' all he had was The sneakers on his feet The culprit used to jam and rock the mike, yo He stripped the jeep to fill his pipe And wander around to find a place Where they rocked to a different kind of...BASS 
rebirth-Public Enemy[SEP]When I get down I give what go around And when I cough I do my best to cut it off I don't claim to be a preacher Not paid to be a teacher But I'm grown I try to be a leader to the bone Never could follow a man Wit' a bottle He's a baby wit' a beard Not a feared role model And they ask me where I got it I get it from my pops Wit' a man in the house All the bullshit stops Then I sing a song About what the hell is goin' wrong You never know If you only trust the TV and the radio These days You can't see who's in cahoots 'Cause now the KKK Wears three-piece suits It's like that y'all, it's like that y'all In fact you know it's like that y'all 
toxic-Public Enemy[SEP]Toxic  Can't sing a song to save your life But can you sing a song to save a life Can a song save the world in this time of 45 45 beyond askin' Can hip hop survive? Over a million rappers spittin' now What we the people be gettin' Forgettin' armaggedon Look out love is the message you can bet on Can culture save humanity when the name of the game Is narcissism, yo how can musicians get paid? Curator, caretaker, this creator Servicing purpose to other creators Rhymers and beat makers Blessed by the internet So I'mma start this war of art Before they rip this world apart Toxic  Toxic, see em Sell it and box it Savage, they Say we can't stop it Flav, PE, rock it Antetokounmpo No, Mutombo I blocks it  Toxic, see em Sell it and box it Savage, they Say we can't stop it Flav, PE, rock it Antetokounmpo No, Mutombo I blocks it  Looks like 45 done lied again Grabbin' planets, territories Not to mention women Those who voted this POTUS Killin' kin for the win Citizens sufferin' While he be ballin' If a mule die, they used to say Buy another one If a nigga die, they used to say Try another one Fifty years we were broke, not broken Take me to your leader Even aliens spoke it Every treaty signed Their fuckery broke it Wonder why only a few of us Thrive as their tokens Toke this toke that No joke cause I wrote it The only thing I hit is the stage, and I smoke it  Yo that That shit sounded good on the record, what you just did, ahah  Toxic, see em Sell it and box it Savage, they Say we can't stop it Flav, PE, rock it Antetokounmpo No, Mutombo I blocks it  Toxic, see em Sell it and box it Savage, they Say we can't stop it Flav, PE, rock it Antetokounmpo No, Mutombo I blocks it  Hindsight 57 So I'm stayin' in my lane As the young think in hell And the old prey to pain This shit is classic like the resurgence Of the dope on plastic Vinyl bats backin' the tracks The millennium's drastic Synthetic bullshit smokin' up the hood Bear witness cause y'all know the government's up to no good You can't drift away from the problems of today If you're grown 21 and over, tell me where the hell you goin' Suicidal with an open Bible Lockdown friendly fire Or HBO, Home Boys Only, I really never really dug the Wire They do no hirin' He keep on firin' We keep dyin' The aftermath Do the math Toxic! 
get up stand up-Public Enemy[SEP][Chuck D] This song don't give a damn If the rhymes don't fit Beat don't bounce If the dj quit This song Don't give a damn If you can't sing to dance to it Can't romance to it This song ain't arrogant If you don't try it Buy it If your radio deny it Don't care bout what who got What's cool on tv Or what spots hot I forgot I ain't mad at evolution But I stand for revolution Enough is enough Somebody stand up  Get up, stand up, Get up, stand up  [Brother Ali] This track ain't asking you a damn thing Not the brand name bottle with your champagne Not where you land your private airplane How many blood diamonds shining in that chain? How much compromise is tied to that fame? How many more times we gotta hear that lame Line I'm inspiring them To do what? roll better weed and get higher than them? Feed the needy greedy ass fire in them? Be the same damn dog but to finer women? They gonna tell me that I'm preaching to the choir than I'm Sure they right but I'm trying to light a fire in them Cause I was raised by the enemy And ever since then thats been my identity So I'm trying to give back whats was given me Truth told delivery is my tendency Youth fold to the spirit of my energy Bottom of my feet is something that you'll never see Thats cause I'm standing singing the anthem Fist on my hand, and a list of demands and When they hear this might piss in their pants and Try to get the children to not listen to the man But the mighty pe is what birthed ali So what you gonna think come after me? Chuck d  Get up, stand up  [Chuck D] Occupy if you denied Protest songs cause I see wrong Most of my heroes still don't appear on no stamp So I rant even when they say I can't [pause] I rise against Rage against Hope I don't end up being the same thing I'm fighting against Hence I wince never on the fence Since they think the masses powerless Ain't on no power list I ball my fist w my audience Like this  Get up, stand up, Get up, stand up  [Chuck D] Got so much to shout about What the 1% is gettin out Recession depression desperation due Never have so many been screwed by so few Cheapest price is to pay attention No need to dumb down to what I mention No need to young down how I mention In spanish portuguese english french and No satisfaction Listen to the world reaction Americas still black and white Like an old tv set What we gonna do about it? Laugh sit back forget & quit? I get racial Just talkin about the ratio People are no longer patient Now the brown they don't want around Thats why sammy got that facial My wife says its spacial Politics that stick way beyond baseball I think its self hateful Anti immigration Disgraceful  Get up, stand up, 
state of the union (stfu)-Public Enemy[SEP]Whatever it takes Rid of this dictator Potus my tail Ass debator Primetime Primo Rhymetime Crime like no other In this lifetime White house killer Deadin lifelines Vote this joke out Or die tryin Unprecedented Demented Many presioned Nazi gestapo dictator Defended Its not what you think Its what you follow Run for them jewels Drink from that bottle Another four years gonna gut yall hollow Guted out dried up broke and can't borrow  State of the Union Shut the fuck up Sorry ass muther fucker Stay away from me  State of the Union Shut the fuck up Sorry ass muther fucker Stay away from me  State of the Union Shut the fuck up Sorry ass muther fucker Stay away from me  State of the Union Shut the fuck up Sorry ass muther fucker Stay away from me  Mr I am the law And you are not In fact, I'm god I got a lot Mr these united breaks Take over, come over Orange hair Fear the combover Heres another scare Keep them hands in the air Better not breathe Dare not dare Don't say anything Don't think nothing Make America great again The middle just love it When he wanna talk Walk yall straight To them ovens we be Human beings of collor suffering  State of the Union Shut the fuck up Sorry ass muther fucker Stay away from me  State of the Union Shut the fuck up Sorry ass muther fucker Stay away from me  State of the Union Shut the fuck up Sorry ass muther fucker Stay away from me  State of the Union Shut the fuck up Sorry ass muther fucker Stay away from me  Better rock that vote Or vote for hell Real generals now Not some usfl Not a fkn game I not mention his name Operation 45 Same thing Sounds like Berlin burnin Same thing Historys a mystery If yall ain't learning End this clown show For real A state bozo Nazi cult 45 Gestapo  State of the Union Shut the fuck up Sorry ass muther fucker Stay away from me  State of the Union Shut the fuck up Sorry ass muther fucker Stay away from me  State of the Union Shut the fuck up Sorry ass muther fucker Stay away from me  State of the Union Shut the fuck up Sorry ass muther fucker Stay away from me 
pump the music. pump the sound-Public Enemy[SEP][Chuck D] Public Enemy... Public Enemy... c'mon! Public Enemy... Public Enemy...  Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy) Once again we gonna do it like this Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy) Once again we gonna do it like this (c'mon!) Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy) Once again we gonna do it like this Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy) Once again we gonna do it like this  [Sister Souljah] WE ARE AT WAR!!!  [speech (Souljah)] The American people, must rise up (WE ARE AT WAR!!!) Out of the evils of war (WE ARE AT WAR!!!) The evil of racism, and the evil of politics (WE ARE AT WAR!!!) I am constantly reminded of the fact (WE ARE AT WAR!!!)  [Chuck D] Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy) Once again we gonna do it like this Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy) Once again we gonna do it like this (c'mon!) Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy) Once again we gonna do it like this Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy) Once again we gonna do it like this (WE ARE AT WAR!!!)  [speech (Sister Souljah)] The war, is only a symptom (WE ARE AT WAR!!!) Of international militarism (WE ARE AT WAR!!!) Racism, and imperialism (WE ARE AT WAR!!!) And an unworkable capitalism (WE ARE AT WAR!!!) That makes the rich richer and the poor poorer  [Chuck D] Public Enemy...  Public Enemy... 
fassfood-Public Enemy[SEP][Flavor Flav] In the bronx we got to go to cuchi frito Rice and beans penim and some coquito  [Chuck D] I eat she eat She eat he eat Lookout I spit On the heat Of these beats So we speak Corporate suits Company seats Fooled like fast food Like artificial beef Yall know I got I got no beef Listen to the words of this song Between my teeth Wiki leaks Sitcom Y'all know I can't sit calm Yo sha mello where's vietnam Atomic bomb Nuked  I eat you eat You eat I eat But dude don't get fooled By this fassfood  [Flavor Flav] Don't mean to be rude dude But thats what they call fassfood This sht is for real This ain't no fkn interlude  [Chuck D] I eat she eat She eat he eat Lookout I spit On the heat Of these beats You talk about switching Attitude for this bitchin The fassfood in this kitchen Fast forward Listen Songs meant yo send you to prison Increased market position Short bids to influence a million kids Headed in States gettin it in Lethal murder injection In the young black produce section What it all mean?  [Flavor Flav] From mickey ds to fratista freeze I'm barbequing birds and I'm eatin the bees I'm back on track with the restaurant House of flavor in vegas Yo, what you want? I got chicken for ya Mac and cheese Collard greens that will knock you Down to your knees Don't mean to be rude dude But thats what they call fassfood This sht is for real This ain't no fkn interlude  [Flavor Flav] Disrespect collect a broken neck Disrespect collect a broken neck Disrespect collect a broken neck Its your funeral you wont get to spend your check  [Chuck D] Rock some instrumental Lawyers laughing at us over A lunch bowl of lentils They ain't gentle Punishment is mental Not coincidental Charged by a large incidental Non accidental  I eat she eat She eat he eat Lookout I spit On the heat Of these beats You talk about switching Attitude for this bitchin The fassfood In this kitchen Fast forward Listen  I eat she eat She eat he eat Lookout I spit On the heat Of these beats You talk about switching Attitude for this bitchin The fassfood In this kitchen Fast forward Listen  [Flavor Flav] He went to the bathroom Didn't even wash his hands Hes fixing my food dude That ain't part of the plan Put the gloves on son What is you doin?  [Chuck D] Rock some instrumental Lawyers laughing at us over A lunch bowl of lentils Cause you know they ain't gentle Punishment is mental Not coincidental  [Flavor Flav] Not minding your mf business Now look what happened to you  [Chuck D] Dude getting this fassfood Offa my dental  I eat she eat She eat he eat Lookout I spit On the heat Of these beats You talk about switching Attitude for this bitchin Fassfood In this kitchen Fast forward Listen  [Flavor Flav] So watch what you eat Cause you're in the street Fassfood fassfood Can knock you off your feet  So watch what you eat Cause you're in the street Fassfood fassfood Can knock you off your feet  [Chuck D] I eat she eat She eat he eat Lookout I spit On the heat Of these beats So we speak Corporate suits Company seats But dude don't get fooled By this fassfood 
frankenstar-Public Enemy[SEP]We the fans Hopin they would be open Tinted glass Behind that tinted glass Crowd waiting in limbo Is that the limo? But he dont give a damn She dont give a damn Just buy their product Cause they a by product of a marketing plan Can i just get an autograph? Im fanatic number 2 million Sign it to my mama So she can cut the drama Bought in a store in nicaragua But you ignore the poor Cant even get to your door  Frankenstar You dont even know who the hell you are I dont give a damn about your car Frankenstar Frankenstar Frankenstar You dont even know who the hell you are We dont give a damn about your crib Only give a damn about what you did Frankenstar Frankenstar Frankenstar  Can i get a ride on that music Can i get a look on that movie All you gotta do is groove me Security aint got to shoot me How a fan get get close to you What do you think im supposed to do? Shit by the way i bought a poster too I didnt take it back Cause the show was whack Bought a hundred dollar ticket Told us where we could stick it Frankenstar Let us fans know That you gonna do a 10 minute show  Hooooooo Hoooooooo  Frankenstar You dont even know who the hell you are I dont give a damn about your car Frankenstar Frankenstar Frankenstar You dont even know who the hell you are We dont give a damn about your crib Only give a damn about what you did Frankenstar Frankenstar Frankenstar  Now you say you from the hood Paid and laid And now you think you gonna get sprayed I see you grinnin at them humble beginnings Fame just is like water to a gremlin Fame is fake and it fades Millinnum stars can be like grenades Blowin up thinking we all got it made In a mtv cribs To fool them kids The new monster mash See em all dance for cash Saw ya wit a new lawyer So you Better stash But the vip section got your attention And you cannot see that far past Wrong inspiration For a young nation When you dismiss education And your living rooms a playstation Do your thing, not the thing do you Dont fame gotta hold on you 
what you need is jesus-Public Enemy[SEP][Charles Barkley] Halleluja Jesus, Halleluja!  Now here's the pop, turnaround jumper, Hits the rim bounce away, the new slave trade. Manchild, six feet five, but juvenile. Thin line between getting bucks and gettin wild. Brooklyn style, hundred thousand miles. Parque tiles, leavin ankles broke in a pile. Son got a ticket to fly, he can make it if he try, To the sky, like a Coney Island ride. Gettin pages, from his super agent, Community raises at the clout or the cages. No doubt, center stages, mad phases, From behind crazies flippin through the faces. Paper chases, love that many places. Pros and cons, flics between the races. He hold the rock, call for sweat shops. Guard the set shop replaced by sex shops. The highest bidder, no room for the quitter. Gave seven tickets, under counterfittas. Three cities a week, droppin needles. Like the black Beatles take heed, what you need is...  [Chorus:] Jesus (The incredible) Jesus (And in your existence, huh) Jesus (The incredible, yea) Jesus (Check it out)  Crack my picture, never swith up. Smack the back ups, pack them pick ups. Resurrection of the two man vocal section. The spirit in your dark ass direction. Duckin them spray ups on my way that i thought be lay ups. Won the battle wars, a thousand one push ups. Here marks the return of them rules about Ruff Ryders. Risin, chargin hard from the point guard. Watch what you prey for, but know the team that you play for. Need I say more? Uh, scared of the resurrection, Sacrafice yours, them maybe the revolution is basketball. Changes, generanges. Which means rearrange shit, Erase shit, stuck on Playstations. Then the new plantations, I said a millions heads. Waitin for another nation. To make your world be free. No shoppin sprees, there ain't no stoppin me. Here's the fee, not the weed. Got to see, God speed.  What you need is...  [Chorus 2x]  Sticky D gives you fits, on them turnaround hippocrytes. Comin and goin like flics. Hit em net scripts, like a butcher. Gettin all the chips musta been a road trip against the Knicks. On T.V. showcasin kicks. Must be the fan cause his video gettin all the chicks. Walk up on a replay on Monday. Sportscenter highlights, last second steal kept em real. What you need is... Jesus Jesus (What you need is) Jesus Jesus (What you need is) Jesus Jesus (What you need is) Jesus Jesus 
don't give up the fight-Public Enemy[SEP]I occupy The planet earth I testify Its a piece of woirk I'm gratified Down to the dirt Been around the world a few times So I seen the hurt Quakes hurricanes and tornados Warning times to mans designs Under that concrete Yall call the street The heart of land You can hear the beat  Pain of all the lies Pain in all them lives Pain of losin homes Pain of the unknown Pain of what you spent Pain of government No matter what you say You don't pay Here they come to take it away  Don't give up the fight [2x]  Foreign lands and the 7 seas Radiation is the worlds disease Bringing nations down to the knees Mother nature she ain't pleased Trees diseased Deep freeze Doin us like that govt cheese Smell that burning in the breeze Summertime 120 degrees  Pain of all the lies Pain in all them lives Pain of losin homes Pain of the unknown Pain of what you spent Pain of government No matter what you say You don't pay Here they come to take it away  Don't give up Don't give up the fight [2x]  So shut em down In appreciation Of the world itself And gods creation What good is the hood if you up to no good Them govt gangsters would hang you on wood Stop the tape My minds stuck in 68 Haight asbury Now our ass buried in hate I paraphrase Beyond the gaze A haze hovers over a crowd that disobeys Staying rich off them so called better days Do I do a song for the masses Besides whats moving them asses I make stew out of the ashes 
fight the power-Public Enemy[SEP]"Yet our best trained, best educated, best equipped, best prepared troops refuse to fight. As a matter of fact, it's safe to say that they would rather switch than fight."  1989 the number another summer (get down) Sound of the funky drummer Music hitting your heart cause I know you got soul (Brothers and sisters, hey) Listen if you're missing y'all Swinging while I'm singin' Giving whatcha gettin' Knowing what I knowin' While the Black band's sweating And the rhythm rhymes rolling Got to give us what we want Gotta give us what we need Our freedom of speech is freedom of death We got to fight the powers that be Lemme hear you say Fight the power  Fight the power We've got to fight the powers that be  As the rhythm's designed to bounce What counts is that the rhyme's Designed to fill your mind Now that you've realized the pride's arrived We got to pump the stuff to make ya tough From the heart It's a start, a work of art To revolutionize make a change nothing's strange People, people we are the same No we're not the same 'Cause we don't know the game What we need is awareness, we can't get careless You say what is this? My beloved let's get down to business Mental self defensive fitness (Yo) bum rush the show You gotta go for what you know To make everybody see, in order to fight the powers that be Lemme hear you say Fight the power  Fight the power We've got to fight the powers that be  Elvis was a hero to most But he never meant shit to me you see Straight up racist that sucker was Simple and plain Motherfuck him and John Wayne 'Cause I'm Black and I'm proud I'm ready and hyped plus I'm amped Most of my heroes don't appear on no stamps Sample a look back you look and find Nothing but rednecks for 400 years if you check Don't worry be happy Was a number one jam Damn if I say it you can slap me right here (Get it) let's get this party started right Right on, c'mon What we got to say Power to the people no delay Make everybody see In order to fight the powers that be  Fight the power We've got to fight the powers that be 
get it in-Public Enemy[SEP]My pens the ride On the pad the road Yall must've known This is the way I unwind and unload Over beats overload Mind explodes Stress in this depression New ghosts of tom joad New dust bowl blues Back to fake jewels So I drop jewels To inform the fooled Clock tickin 3 songs a day Like its food Carry on I am that ramblin man dude Updated I was born To deliver car songs D still drives a caddy I'll mess with a ford Now songs are blood And songs are swords Everybody should be able to afford Home food and a job to work We the people gettin robbed by these corporate jerks I wonder how they sleep at night When the people hitch hiking the turnpike Yall know that ain't right So I gotta get it in tonight Gotta Get it in tonight  [Bumpy Knuckles bridge hook] Bump knucks in the house And I came to (get it in) Rock rock with the best of the best And I'm get it in Touch mics I a beast when I (get it in) (get it in) Yeah word throw your hands up When theres war for the cause Of course I gotta (get it in) On the blaze on the mic (get it in) You know I gotta (get it in) When pe calls I fight so watch me (get it in) Yo, lets rock, word  [Bumpy Knuckles] I always wanted to be an s1 March my dance steps and carry two guns Cause I a rider for the strong island Wilin stylin 98 crew retirin salute For the culture ill shoot Ha, boom bap at you I'm nice chuck bars go too We embargo too We prohibit wack rappers to move Ha, or we'll stomp on you Throw your hands up five fingers Close your fist Then repeat after me and it goes like this Cmon (get it in) word the rhymes are sick This info in flow wherever it ends up Copyright law that will leave you a Sloppy right jaw Hard as I work to write more So flavor flav if you're ready to win Why don't cha Get on the mic and (get it in) (get it in)  [Flavor Flav] In order to reach status like us you gotta (get it in) Public enemy number one baby yo we (get it in) Chuck d is the hard rhymer yo because he (get it in) Flavor flav he (get it in) Riding on the block you gotta (get it in) In the bronx we rock the block you gotta (get it in) Nassau county on the rock you gotta (get it in) When you got to do your time you gotta (get it in) In rikers c-76 I had to (get it in) On the streets in a fight I had to (get it in) Running from the cops I had to (get it in) I was fighting with my girl I had to (get it in) It was me against the world I gotta (get it in) I'm in a high speed chase I gotta (get it in) I got the cops on my case I gotta (get it in) I got the irs all after me yo I gotta (get it in) I got the feds after me yo I gotta (get it in) I got my girl after me yo I gotta (get it in) When the boys is after you yo better (get it in) If you in a gang fight yo you better (get it in) When you go to jail you got no choice but to (get it in) If he bend you over you know he gonna (get it in)  (get it in) (get it in) 
rebel without a pause-Public Enemy[SEP]Yes - the rhythm, the rebel Without a pause - I'm lowering my level The hard rhymer - where you never been I'm in You want stylin' - you know it's time again D the enemy - tellin you to hear it They praised the music - this time they play the lyrics Some say no to the album, the show Bum rush the sound I made a year ago I guess you know - you guess I'm just a radical Not a sabbatical - yes to make it critical The only part your body should be parting to Panther power on the hour from the rebel to you  Radio - suckers never play me On the mix - just O.K. me Now known and grown when they're clocking my zone it's known Snakin' and takin' everything that a brother owns Hard - my calling card Recorded and orderd - supporter of Chesimard Loud and proud kickin' live next poet supreme Loop a troop, bazooka, the scheme Flavor - a rebel in his own mind Supporter of my rhyme Designed to scatter a line of suckers who claim I do crime  Terminator X  From a rebel it's final on black vinyl Soul, rock and roll comin' like a rhino Tables turn - suckers burn to learn They can't dis-able the power of my label Def Jam - tells you who I am The enemy's public - they really give a damn Strong Island - where I got 'em wild and That's the reason they're claimin' that I'm violent Never silent - no dope gettin' dumb nope Claimin' where we get our rhythm from Number one - we hit ya and we give ya some No gun - and still never on the run You wanna be an S.1 - Griff will tell you when And then you'll come - you'll know what time it is Impeach the president - pullin' out the ray-gun Zap the next one - I could be you're Sho-gun Suckers - don't last a minute Soft and smooth - I ain't with it Hardcore - rawbone like a razor I'm like a lazer - I just won't graze ya Old enough to raise ya - so this will faze ya Get it right boy and maybe I will praise ya Playin' the role I got soul too Voice my opinion with volume Smooth - no what I am Rough - cause I'm the man  No matter what the name - we're all the same Pieces in one big chess game Yeah - the voice of power Is in the house - go take a shower boy P.E. a group, a crew - not singular We were black Wranglers We're rap stranglers You can't angle us - I know you're listenin' I caught you pissin' in you're pants You're scared of us dissin' us The crowd is missin' us We're on a mission boy  Terminator X  Attitude - when I'm on fire Juice on the loose - electric wire Simple and plain - give me the lane I'll throw it down your throat like Barkley See the car keys - you'll never get these They belong to the 98 posse You want some more son - you wanna get some Rush the door on a store - pick up the album You know the rhythm, the rhyme plus the beat is designed So I can enter your mind - Boys Bring the noise - my time Step aside for the flex - Terminator X 
super agent-Public Enemy[SEP]Yea, haha. Oh, kick that shit G. Nuttin. Yea.  Sold, black gold, one strong buck, To the Milwaukee Bucks, for a million bucks. Just get him off the streets so he don't get bucked. Super agent to the rescue so he won't get fucked. Uh. Run nigga run to the auction block. But you can't pledge alligence to the block. This buck here, is the right kinda stock. For sale for passin, the right kinda rock. Yo. Auctioneer Stern, to massive fuck. Can a nigga go home to where he used to walk? Come back, but super agent said, "You can't talk" I didn't know basketball had a bauk. Uh the Buck runs laps, while they run craniums. Players be drainin em, owners be claimin em. Super agents fraimin em and then nicknamin em. Drainin they ass, to pack them stadiums.  Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?) Super agent (What a hell of a man) (Where you at?) Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?) Never flagrant (Big daddy moves). (Where you at?) Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?) Super agent, (Backstabbin) super agent, (Super agent, where are you now?) Never flagrant (Watch yo back) Let's get it on!!  The players ear word for word verbatum. Super agent got him locked. Coaches be hatin him. Super agent wouldn't even come in my hood. If I had no skills, was wackin' no good. Uh, in my neck of the woods the leagues concrete. One can only dream about wood, yea. Feel the grain and let the bills get paid. Pay respect to the projects, And the half court rejects. Scholarships, save that college shit. Then championships, don't pay for the head trips. Can I get a chance if I don't sing or dance? Right about romance? Or wear short pants? So I rave and rant, and you can't say I can't, Get my grants, cold chillin in a b-boy stance.  Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?) Super agent (What a hell of a man) (Where you at?) Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?) Never flagrant (Big daddy moves). (Where you at?) Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?) Super agent, (Backstabbin) super agent, (Super agent, where are you now?) Never flagrant (Watch yo back) Let's get it on!!  Fuck that trophy, find the loot then approach me. Land a milk and honey can I get a quickness to the money? All witness, no cheers the four years I ain't wit this. Hell wit the N-C-double A cause my super agent's paid. With his dollars I could buy a fuckin' college. Mister Ra-ra campus isn't keepin school bustas. Lookin who's lovin' ya, going for the juggeler. They know they can't contain me on the regular. Pimps pushes, the pocket book guzzeler. Would you pardon my father please, Mister Governer? Thought he had it made, dreamin about a trade. Things we get, help but the roof on this bitch. Dark side of the room when he jumped the broom. Super agent got this player, nine figure wages. Back of sports pages, off ghetto stages. Shootin sleepin pills and runnin to the hills.  Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?) Super agent (What a hell of a man) (Where you at?) Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?) Never flagrant (Big daddy moves). (Where you at?) Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?) Super agent, (Backstabbin') super agent, (Super agent, where are you now?) Never flagrant (Watch yo back)  [repeat til end] 
here i go-Public Enemy[SEP]Here I go, I don't give a damn if you wit me Stupidity, shit I'm the reverse of jiggy All that prettiness running on empty Only wusses need pity, no I ain't from the city 5 minutes of fame if you don't know my name Oh yeah, I'm that field nigga they all fear Here's a madd salute to all my troops Fuck a lawyer and the law and all them suits I spits and I vomit cause I come like a comet Better quit it if yall don't know what yall gettin from it Just forget it if you wit it, that racket runnin it Come on come with it, I think I'll fit it Go to war but what the hell I'm fightin for As I soar yeah baby I like it raw No cigar, I ran over the pop star wit my car, Again and may the best jam win...  Here I go -- there you go  Bingo, it don't matter if this platter's a single Needin needles like the beatles needin ringo From the beginnin I told you how to see thru the linen All that talk but that's the way The side walks in new york I simplify cause you might be high Rip shit in the pit so what you don't like it This is man shit a hip hop trip On that aggressive tip but rap got pussy whipped Got out psyched down on that turnpike I knew this philly who just wouldn't get right Cause I was aware as a square in delaware Execs writing checks for sex in spandex Radios gettin sucked by labels under the table Mix dj's gettin overpaid for airplay Try to shut me down like ray, what I say? Fuck your friends and may the best jam win  Here I go -- there you go  Mirror mirror I'm finger pointin at the man It is i, I interrupt the program Chuck d rubberneckin with the fans Pe don't give a damn about uncle sam And on and on like I said before Some, the 100 meter dash, I'm the marathon Against the grain comin like a train As you listen to the sounds that remains insane One on one and it's just begun To get out the ghetto and get something done To be the man you gotta beat the man Don't confuse me with being dumb or bubble gum And I'll be here as you disappear And I'll be around amongst the crowd Cause anything I wear is a step on down That's how I've always been And may the best jam win... 
so whatcha gone do now?-Public Enemy[SEP]Talkin dat drive by shit Everybody talkin dat gangsta shit  Talkin dat drive by thang Everybody talking dat gangsta swang  Slaves to the rhythm of the master Buck boom buck another Neighborhood disaster (Drummer hit me one)  A gun iz a gun iz A muther fuckin gun But an organized side Keep a sellout nigga on the run  What you gonna do to get paid Step on the rest of the hood Till the drug raid  See you runnin like roaches Black gangstas need track coaches  The white law set you up raw When you have his trust in killin us  Talkin dat gattalk Walkin dat catwalk Where you tryin to go wit dat Don't even go dere wit dat rap Guns drugs an money All you know how So whatcha gonna do now?  I'm bout ready to bounce  Trouble on the corner of blunt ave An 40 ounce  Madd uncivilized lifestyles 30 years bids for kids, now thats wild  I'm raisin my child I'm steppin to da curb Wit a sign do not disturb  Too much don't give a fuck Or a damn thing But choose what the other man bring  I sing a song cause I see wrong  I'm not down with the fe fi fo Where I come from See, the brothers ain't dumb  Sense goes over nonsense When it makes no sense I'm throwin up da fence  Talkin dat drive by shit Everybody talkin dat gangsta shit Talkin dat drive by thang Everybody talkin dat gangsta swang  Talkin dat gattalk Walkin dat catwalk Were you tryin to go wit dat Dont even go there wit dat rap Guns drugs & money All you know how So whatcha gone do now?  [Break]  The only good niga iz a dead niga  Dats what they used to say  Cant understand why a man Gotta use a trigga On his own, suppose to act grown  Cracka in da back Watch a brother pull a trigga on another brother  Couldn't shoot and shot a mother  Four kids alone home Ungrown & now they on they own Now check yourself cool What good iz da hood if ya actin a fool Talkin dat gattalk, walkin dat catwalk 
how does it feel to be back-Hall & Oates[SEP]Please return, come back, I've been saving your place Too much time has elapsed-unreality-memory erases The rules and the rights and the wrongs don't apply Far apart - So together is destiny weeded to fate I write the script, you direct my dreams We're along on the beach for the passionate scene And it's a drag to wake up with you ... saying to me How does it feel to be back in my arms again  I'm bored and alone and it's weakening me One night out and I'm looking for trouble and finding it's easy You know we all make mistakes and we all need the touch of a hand In the right kind of place, in a time of need I could pick up the phone, but the talk ain't cheap I pick up on the thoughts that you're sending to me And i wait for the day I hear you saying to me How does it feel to be back in my arms again 
i can't go for that (no can do)-Hall & Oates[SEP]Easy, ready, willing, overtime Where does it stop Where do you dare me To draw the line You've got the body Now you want my soul Don't even think about it Say, no go I, I-I, I 'll do anything That you want me to do Yeah, I, I-I, I'll do almost anything That you want me too, ooh Yeah  But I can't go for that, nooo (No) No can do I can't go for that, nooo (No) No can do I can't go for that, nooo (No) No can do I can't go for that Can't go for that Can't go for that Can't go for that  I can go for being twice as nice I can go for just repeating The same old lines Use the body Now you want my soul Ooh, forget about it Now say, no go  I, I-I, I 'll do anything That you want me to do Yeah, I, I-I, I'll do almost anything That you want me too, ooh Yeah  But I can't go for that, nooo (No) No can do I can't go for that, nooo (No) No can do I can't go for that, nooo (No) No can do I can't go for that Can't go for that Can't go for that Can't go for that, yeah  [Instrumental Interlude]  Yeah, I, I-I, I 'll do anything That you want me to do Yeah, I, I-I, I'll do almost anything That you want me too, ooh Yeah  But I can't go for that, nooo (No) No can do I can't go for that, nooo (No) No can do I can't go for that, nooo (No) No can do I can't go for that Can't go for that Can't go for that Can't go for that, yeah.. 
sara smile-Hall & Oates[SEP]Baby hair with a woman's eyes I can feel you watching in the night All alone with me and we're waiting for the sunlight  When I feel cold, you warm me And when I feel I can't go on, you come and hold me It's you and me forever  Sara, smile Oh, won't you smile awhile for me, Sara?  If you feel like leaving you know you can go But why don't you stay until tomorrow? And if you want to be free You know all you got to do is say so  When you feel cold, I'll warm you And when you feel you can't go on, I'll come and hold you It's you and me forever  Sara, smile Oh, won't you smile awhile for me, Sara? Sara, smile Oh, won't you smile awhile, Sara?  Smile Oh, won't you smile awhile for me, Sara? Oh, smile awhile Won't you laugh, Sara? Thank you for making me feel like a man Keeping me crazy, crazy Smile awhile 
goodnight and goodmorning-Hall & Oates[SEP]Funny how the times can change as fast as we can run Sad to say we had to part when the fun had just begun Now he night is over And I'm waiting for the day we can be together And we can say Goodnight and Goodmorning From the Dark to the Dawning  I can't believe that I'm in love and you're the one I can hear a song of love and our song has just begun When the music's over and we finally walk away We can walk together And we can say Goodnight and Goodmorning From the Dark to the Dawning 
gotta lotta nerve (perfect perfect)-Hall & Oates[SEP]Oh, no, stop bitching indiscretion You're such an A-1 lover, since when are you perfection Never true blue to me, so why are you getting nasty Well, it's lucky for you that I'm gonna keep dancing Oh, I know  Everyone you do is perfect Everyone you know is perfect Everywhere you go is perfect So on and so on  But you've gotta lotta nerve when you talk about love If you've gotta lotta nerve we can talk about love Oh, you've gotta lotta nerve to be talking about love Yeah, you gotta lotta nerve 'til we talk about love  Listen to you ... your roots will be showing Better watch what you say and do Or da cool you'll be blowing We're talking 16 tones of nerve-a We're talking perfect nerve 
70's scenario-Hall & Oates[SEP]In bed sittin' and reading by the T. V. light Stay away from the window, thunder and lighting And the rain, the rain keeps fallin' down That's something that hasn't changed Yeah, there's something inside me, it's quiet when it rains At the end of the rainbow, there ain't no pot of gold And the light in the morning, hardly ever shows Ain't no easy living, everybody knows And it's all around us........ 70's Scenario She called me a prisoner, in a prison of the mass She said acceptance from the future, is freedom from the past And I laugh, and say "that's alright" Things really ain't that tough As long as I'm still able, to turn the T.V. off At the end of the rainbow, there ain't no pot of gold And the light in the morning, hardly ever shows Ain't no reason living, everybody knows And it's all around us........ 70's Scenario At the end of the rainbow, there ain't no pot of gold And the light in the morning, hardly ever shows Ain't no reason living, everybody knows And it's all around us........ 70's Scenario 
thank you for...-Hall & Oates[SEP]Thank you for walking Thank you for spending one day, with a stranger  Good morning. Hello! Choose a color, carnation we'll walk along.  Down round the pond, up the hill bricks and steeples it's not all gone... I recall  Thank you for walking Thank you for spending one day, with a stranger  Thank you for talking and showing the way to a stranger  Wining and dining (what a September) from bags by the river (I should've  worn a sweater) a sun, sail, song (it's cooler up here)  We sat on a wall (oh my) rest our feet (just a little longer) touch our noses  Then slow poke on... oh, I recall  One red carnation the color for April and apples and wine  I suppose it was white... but I needed the rhyme.  As I packed up to leave oh, I noticed the fountain, the statue's hand.  There in her bronzed, moistened, palm red carnation Without you there... I recall 
art of heartbreak-Hall & Oates[SEP]Try to ignore the twisted side We kiss and we hiss at the same time Don't you know some things just don't blow away You've been this way before, but the cuts just seem to hurt me more Could be a reason for the difference...  You've been practicing The art of heartbreak Practing The art of heartbreak  Anticipating what she's aching for I'm being edgy leave her wanting more Anyone might think we'd rather be alone Yeah, she's been cut before by sharp things I've been saying so long I can't believe the way she takes it  I've been practicing The art of heartbreak Practicing The art of heartbreak  Why do we make it hard, been hitting back and forth for so long What are we aiming at, there's no score in love I bet a million bucks she knows but won't let up on me, so I've just decided to stop  Practicing the art of heartbreak Practicing The art of heartbreak We've been practicing 
she's gone-Hall & Oates[SEP]Everybody's high on consolation Everybody's trying to tell me what is right for me, yeah My daddy tried to bore me with a sermon But it's plain to see that they can't comfort me  Sorry, Charlie, for the imposition I think I got it (got it), I got the strength to carry on, oh yeah I need a drink and a quick decision Now it's up to me, ooh, what will be  She's gone, she's gone Oh, why Oh, why I better learn how to face it She's gone, she's gone Oh, why Oh, why I'd pay the devil to replace her She's gone, and she's gone Oh why, what went wrong?  Get up in the morning, look in the mirror I'm worn as a toothbrush hanging in the stand, yeah My face ain't looking any younger Now I can see love's taken a toll on me  She's gone, she's gone Oh, why Oh, why I better learn how to face it She's gone, and she's gone Oh, why Oh, why I'd pay the devil to replace her She's gone, and she's gone Oh why, what went wrong?  Think I'll spend eternity in the city Let the carbon and monoxide choke my thoughts away, yeah And pretty bodies help dissolve the memories They can never be what she was (was) to (to) me  She's gone, she's gone Oh, why Oh, why I better learn how to face it She's gone, and she's gone Oh, why Oh, why I'd pay the devil to replace her She's gone, and she's gone Oh, why, what went wrong?  She's gone Oh, why, I better learn how to face it She's gone, she's gone I can't believe that she's gone Oh, why, I'd pay the devil to replace her She's gone Oh, why, I better learn how to face it She's gone, she's gone I can't believe that she's gone Oh, why, I'd pay the devil to replace her She's gone, she's gone She's gone, she's gone She's gone, she's gone 
i don't wanna lose you-Hall & Oates[SEP]You and I have separate lives girl You and I go different ways on roads that cross When love and loss is ruled by fate People have a tragic habit Of letting love get in the way They tend to lose their overviews and overplay Something I wanna say Something I've got to do Feels like you're drifting away And I don't wanna lose you I'll try to find a way to encourage you It's easy to convince myself Cause I can't believe you'd wanna be with somebody else People have a tragic habit Of letting love get in the way They tend to lose their overviews and overplay Something I wanna say Something I've got to do Feels like you're drifting away And I don't wanna lose you 
fall in philadelphia-Hall & Oates[SEP]There's a thunder storm 'a brewin' And the day is turning gray There ain't much to say about the weather The shower stall is leakin' And the ceiling's fallin' in And I'm getting twenty bills to every letter  I've got to move myself out to the country I'm lookin' out for any place at all I'm gonna spend another Fall In Philadelphia  A roving band of youths beat up on Johnny Everybody's gettin' richer sellin' that dope Say, the stolen bikes are gathering by the thousands Along with seven million people without a hope  I guess I have to face the fact as real I think I feel my back up against the wall I'm gonna spend another Fall In Philadelphia 
don't blame it on love-Hall & Oates[SEP]Mighty high or low down Change around the words and they say Low is not the last one Cause you know, if you know You'd be learning from a hit lip Success is sitting fat and limp But don't blame it on the system It's only natural only natural Blame it on yourself Blame it on me But don't blame it on love Who d'ya think your heroes are? Failures everyone But you all love them for their innocence When they fall when they fall The loser's always deified Winner only takes home the prize But don't blame it on the system It's only natural it's only natural For you to blame it on yourself Blame it on me But don't blame it on love 
lady rain-Hall & Oates[SEP][Chorus:] Lady Rain, lay your sobbin' hair down on my shoulder Lady Rain, do your cloudy eyes see me much older?  Can you see my past Can you find my future Should I take it slower 'til my life is over Oh Lady Rain... is it I'll be going down in pain?  [Chorus:] Lady Rain, lay your sobbin' hair down on my shoulder Lady Rain, do your cloudy eyes see me much older?  All the days I've lost hoping and pretending That my days would flow smooth and slow toward their ending Oh Lady Rain... is it I'll be going down in pain? 
falling-Hall & Oates[SEP]Start anyway you can in the Company of gifted and mad man Some vote to go on and some fall away Maybe growing past the pain, maybe going insane Or maybe it's just that you don't feel Like singing again And you know but you go on Falling  I'm down on the ground But I'm falling Allez... Allons... Floating through the clouds, going down It seems a strange point of calm With no past, no future, just the wing and the wind When the wheels touch the ground A flood of feeling sweeps around And the wheels of my life start turning again If l could stay In the sky Suspended in time 
alone too long-Hall & Oates[SEP]Just a little boy lost looking for a lamb in the all night city Living in his lonely limousine And though he never has to worry He's the only one and only one he's ever gonna need Absolutely he's in definite need  Of a woman, child, and some better kind of love when the hot town's hurt him And he knows how happy he could be But he don't know if he can make it Between the money and another lonely night But now the time has come Got to stay or run Now the time has come  Oh maybe we've been Alone Too Long And you don't want to be lonely  Another pretty face another body ache still awake three-thirty Dial another number -- No one home So he wastes his time with TV And he wonders if he lost the only one And wonders if he's free Too afraid to see How alone he could be  Oh maybe we've been Alone Too Long And you don't want to be lonely 
bigger than both of us-Hall & Oates[SEP]There's a million like us so we're not alone A million like us tho' I can't think of one There must be a million people who are pulling apart And they don't know how to stop it, can't stop it when it starts We can begin with a little bit of honesty You can tell the truth when you're talking to me And what comes to my mind when I think of you is.... What am I here for? There must be something more  [Chorus:] It's Bigger Than Both of Us No matter what you say I just can't think of a way with you But nothing really lasts forever Bigger Than Both Of Us No matter how I try, I can't even work up a sigh for you Nothing ever lasts, nothing really lasts forever  Just think of me as another page in your life A curious way for you to pass the time Just another memory when you're middle-aged There's someone for the girl with everything Secure in the knowing that she ain't gonna break You're too much for me I'm too much for you So what are you here for when you know there's something more  [Chorus]  There's a million like us It's Bigger Than Both of Us 
kiss on my list-Hall & Oates[SEP]My friends wonder why I call you all of the time What can I say I don't feel the need To give such secrets away You think maybe I need help No, I know I'm right. Alright I'm just better off Not listening to friends' advice When they insist on knowing my bliss I tell them this When they want to know What the reason is I only smile when I lie Then I tell them why  (Because your kiss) your kiss Is on my list (Because your kiss) your kiss Is on my list Because your kiss is on my list Of the best things in life (Because your kiss) your kiss Is on my list (Because your kiss) your kiss I can't resist Because your kiss is what I miss When I turn out the light  I go crazy wondering What there is to really see Did the night just take up your time 'Cos it means more to me Sometimes I forget what I'm doing I don't forget what I want, what I want Regret what I've done Regret you I couldn't go on But if you insist On knowing my bliss I'll tell you this If you want to know What the reason is I'll only smile when I lie Then I'll tell you why  (Because your kiss) your kiss Is on my list (Because your kiss) your kiss Is on my list Because your kiss is on my list Of the best things in life (Because your kiss) your kiss Is on my list (Because your kiss) your kiss I can't resist Because your kiss is what I miss When I turn out the light  [Instrumental Interlude]  I really miss you babe  (Because your kiss) your kiss Is on my list (Because your kiss) your kiss Is on my list Because your kiss is on my list Of the best things in life Oh, man (Because your kiss) your kiss Is on my list (Because your kiss) your kiss I can't resist Because your kiss is what I miss When I turn out the light (Because your kiss) your kiss Is on my list (Because your kiss) your kiss I can't resist Because your kiss is on my list Of the best things in life 
friday let me down-Hall & Oates[SEP]Dial your number Tape reply: "I'm not at home right now, but leave your name And I will call you Friday Night. Call you Friday good bye." Hearing you and waiting make the days drag slowly On the phone, oh no the tape again Don't say not at home, no way  Friday let me down tonight  Weekend comes I try again I hear the same recording Hasn't changed "I'm not at home right now. Leave your name and I will call you."  Friday let me down tonight. 
why do lovers break each other's hearts?-Hall & Oates[SEP]Why Do Lovers Break Each Other's Hearts? I'll never know why I don't understand He's always saying that there's no one else While he's doin' what hurts the most When you tell a lie, you're always found out And it's wrong Use up your patience but she's back again Crying and laughing, does she love the pain? And when you tell a lie, you're always found out It's wrong 
august day-Hall & Oates[SEP]I saw the sun, though it didn't shine Gave up no shadows, gave out no way to know the time No wind to blow the silver leaves The drone of clever talk just stopped The air hangs out, hesitates to carry a thought Away from me And the sky colored heavy gray August Day Stir the dust and carve a rhyme Barefoot blues watch and wait till suppertime Will a smile break through Distant thunder and the slow dance Static lightning sky daring me to take a chance And say that I love you And the sky colored heavy gray August Day 
what is this thing called love-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I was a hum-drum person Leading a life apart When love flew in through my window wide And quickened my hum-drum heart Love flew in thorugh my window I was so happy then But after love had stayed a little while Love flew out again  What is this thing called love? This funny thing called love? Just who can solve its mystery? Why should it make a fool of me? I saw you there one wonderful day You took my heart and threw my heart away That's why I ask the Lawd up in Heaven above What is this thing called love?  You gave me days of sunshine You gave me nights of cheer You made my life an enchanted dream 'Til somebody else came near Somebody else came near you I felt the winter's chill And now I sit and wonder night and day Why I love you still? 
dancing on the ceiling-Frank Sinatra[SEP]The world is lyrical Because a miracle Has brought my lover to me  Though he's some other place His face I see  At night I creep in bed And  never sleep in bed But look above in the air  And to my greatest joy my boy is there  It his prince and walks Into my dreams and talks  He dances overhead On the ceiling near my bed In my sight Through the night  I tried to hide in vain Underneath my counterpane There's my love up above  I whisper "go away my lover it's not fair" But I'm so grateful to discover he's till there  I love my ceiling more since it is a dancing floor Just for my love 
makin' whoopee-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Another bride, another June Another sunny honeymoon Another season, another reason For makin' whoopee  A lot of shoes, a lot of rice The groom is nervous, he answers twice It's really killin' that he's so willin' To make whoopee  Picture a little love nest Down where the roses cling Picture the same sweet love nest And think what a year can bring  He's washin' dishes and baby clothes He's so ambitious, he even sews But don't forget folks, that's what you get folks For makin' whoopee  Another bride, another June Another sunny, a sunny honeymoon Another reason is that season For makin' whoopee  A mess of shoes, a gang of rice The groom is nervous that he answers twice It's really killin' this cat so willin' To make whoopee  Now he's washin' dishes with those baby clothes He's so ambitious, man, he even sews But don't forget folks, that's what you get folks For makin' whoopee  But don't forget folks, that's what you get folks For makin' whoopee 
my blue heaven-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Whippoorwills call, evenin' is nigh Hurry to my blue heaven Turn to the right, there's a little white light Will lead you to my blue heaven  You'll see a smilin' face, a fireplace, a cozy room Little nest that nestles where the roses bloom  Molly and me, and the baby makes three We're happy in my, in my blue heaven  [instrumental]  You're gonna see a smilin' face, fireplace, cozy room And a little nest nestled where the roses bloom  Just molly and me, and the baby is three We're so happy in my blue heaven We're happy in my blue heaven We're happy in my blue heaven! 
in the wee small hours of the morning-Frank Sinatra[SEP]In the wee small hours of the morning, While the whole wide world is fast asleep, You lie awake and think about the girl And never, ever think of counting sheep.  When your lonely heart has learned its lesson, You'd be hers if only she would call, In the wee small hours of the morning, That's the time you miss her most of all.  [Musical interlude]  When your lonely heart has learned its lesson, You'd be hers if only she would call, In the wee small hours of the morning, That's the time you miss her most of all. 
when you awake-Frank Sinatra[SEP]When you awake, the day takes a bow at your door, When you awake, the sun shines like never before, Cloud soaked with rain find it hard to explain to the earth below, They can't let it rain for then it would stain a heavenly show, you make it so, When you awake, you open the eyes of my heart, When you awake, my day really gets its great start, All the winds and the birds join the simple refrain of a rippling stream, My world becomes a midsummer night's dream, when you awake. 
you're getting to be a habit with me-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Every kiss, every hug seems to act just like a drug You're getting to be a habit with me Let me stay in your arms I'm addicted to your charms You're getting to be a habit with me  I used to think your love was something That I could take or leave alone But now I couldn't do without my supply I need you for my own  Oh, I can't break away I must have you everyday As regularly as coffee or tea You've got me in your clutches and I can't get free You're getting to be a habit with me  Oh, I can't break away I must have you everyday As regularly as coffee or tea You've got me in your clutches and I can't get free You're getting to be a habit with me You're getting to be a habit with me 
ill wind-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Blow ill wind, Blow away, Let me rest today. You're blowin' me no good, No good.  Go ill wind, Go away, Skies are oh so gray Around my neighborhood, And that ain't good  You're only misleadin' the sunshine I'm needin', Ain't that a shame It's so hard to keep up with troubles that creep up From out of nowhere, When love's to blame.  So ill wind, blow away. Let me rest today. You're blowin' me no good.  [Musical interlude]  So, ill wind, blow away, Please let me rest today. You're blowing me no good, no good, no good. 
taking a chance on love-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Here I go again I hear those trumpets blow again All aglow again Taking a chance on love  Here I slide again About to take that ride again Starry eyed again Taking a chance on love  I thought that cards were a frame-up I never would try Now I'm taking that game up And the ace of hearts is high  Things are mending now I see a rainbow blending now We'll have a happy ending now Taking a chance on love  Here I slip again About to take that trip again I got that grip again Taking a chance on love  Now I prove again That I can make life move again I'm in a grove again Taking a chance on love  I walk around with a horseshoe In clover I lie And brother rabbit of course You better kiss your foot goodbye  On that ball again I'm riding for a fall again I'm gonna give my all again Taking a chance on love 
one for my baby (and one more for the road)-Frank Sinatra[SEP]It's quarter to three, there's no one in the place except you and me So, set 'em up, Joe, I got a little story I think you should know We're drinkin', my friend, to the end of a brief episode Make it one for my baby and one more for the road  I got the routine, put another nickel in the machine I'm feelin' so bad, can't you make the music easy and sad I could tell you a lot, but you've got to be true to your code Just make it one for my baby and one more for the road  You'd never know it but buddy, I'm a kind of poet And I got a lot of things I'd like to say And when I'm gloomy, won't you listen to me Till it's talked away  Well that's how it goes and Joe, I know your gettin' anxious to close And thanks for the cheer, I hope you didn't mind my bendin' your ear But this torch that I found it's gotta be drowned or it soon might explode So, make it one for my baby and one more for the road The long, it's so long, the long, very long ... 
i'll be around-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I'll be around, No matter how You treat me now I'll be around from now on.  Your latest love Can never last, And when its past, I'll be around when he's gone  Good-bye again, And if you find a love like mine Just now and then, Oh drop a line to say you `re feeling fine  And when things go wrong Perhaps you'll see You're meant for me So I'll be around when he's gone.  Good-bye again, And if you find a love like mine Just now and then, Oh drop a line to say your feeling fine  And when things go wrong Perhaps you'll see You're meant for me So I'll be around when he's gone. 
i get along without you very well-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I get along without you very well, Of course I do, Except when soft rains fall And drip from leaves, then I recall The thrill of being sheltered in your arms. Of course, I do, But I get along without you very well.  I've forgotten you just like I should, Of course I have, Except to hear your name, Or someone's laugh that is the same, But I've forgotten you just like I should.  What a guy, what a fool am I, To think my breaking heart could kid the moon. What's in store? Should I phone once more? No, it's best that I stick to my tune.  I get along without you very well, Of course I do, Except perhaps in Spring, But I should never think of Spring, For that would surely break my heart in two. 
sunday-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I'm blue every Monday, thinkin' over Sunday That one day when I'm with you It seems that I sigh all day Tuesday I cry all day Wednesday Oh my, how I long for you  And then comes Thursday Gee it's long, it never gets by And Friday makes me feel Just like I'm gonna die  But after pay day, is my fun day I shine all day Sunday That one day when I'm with you  And then comes Thursday Gee it's long, it never goes by And Friday makes me feel Like I'm gonna die  But after pay day, is my fun day I shine all day Sunday That one day when I'm with you  That one day It's a fun day Sunday is my day with you 
embraceable you-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Embrace me, my sweet embraceable you Embrace me, you irreplaceable you  Just one look at you My heart grew tipsy in me You and you alone Bring out the gypsy in me  I love all the many charms about you Above all, I want these arms about you  Dont be a naughty baby Come to papa, come to papa do My sweet embraceable you  [brief interlude]  I love all the many charms about you Above all, I want my arms about you  So dont you be, a naughty baby Come to papa do My sweet embraceable you 
anything goes-Frank Sinatra[SEP]In olden days a glimpse of stocking Was looked on as something shocking Now heaven knows, anything goes  Good authors too who once knew better words Now only use four letter words writing prose, anything goes  The world has gone mad today and good's bad today And black's white today and day's night today When most guys today that women prize today Are just silly gigolos  So though I'm not a great romancer I know that you're bound to answer When I propose, anything goes  In olden days a glimpse of stocking Was looked on as something shocking Now heaven knows, anything goes  And good authors too who once knew better words Now only use four letter words writing prose 'Cause anything goes  The world has gone mad today and good's bad today And black's white today and day's night today When most guys today that women prize today Are just silly gigolos  So though I'm not a great romancer I know that you're bound to answer When I propose, anything goes  May I say before this record spins to a close I want you to know anything goes 
they can't take that away from me-Frank Sinatra[SEP]There are many, many crazy things That will keep me loving you, And with your permission May I list a few?  The way you wear your hat. The way you sip your tea. The memory of all that - No, no - they can't take that away from me.  The way your smile just beams. The way you sing off-key. The way you haunt my dreams. No, no - they can't take that away from me.  We may never, never meet again On that bumpy road to love Still I'll always, Always keep the memory of...  The way you hold your knife (do-do-do-do do-do). The way we danced until three. The way you've changed my life. No, no - they can't take that away from me. No, they can't take that away from me. 
close to you-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Close to you, I will always stay. Close to you, though you're far away.  You'll always be near as though you were here by my side. No matter where - in my dreams I'll find you there Close to me, sharing you're caress. Can't you see you're my happiness?  Wherever you go, my heart will go, too. What can I do? It only wants to be close to you.  [Musical interlude]  Wherever you go, my heart will go, too. What can I do? It only wants to be close to you. 
love locked out-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Love locked out in all the cold and rain Love locked out may never come again Love locked out and weeping bitter tears But no one ever hears love calling  Though we need the precious gift it brings We don't heed the song of love it sings On the door, love beats its tiny wings Just love locked out  A world without love is a world without life A sad world full of gloom So please make a place there for love in your heart It doesn't need much room  Love is well worth the waiting for When it comes knocking at your door Fling it wide, for love locked out will come No more, no more 
love is here to stay-Frank Sinatra[SEP]It's very clear Our love is here to stay Not for a year, but ever and a day  The radio And the telephone And the movies that we know May just be passing fancies and in time may go  But oh my dear Our love is here to stay Together we're going a long long way  In time the Rockies may crumble Gibraltar may tumble They're only made of clay But our love is here to stay 
it's easy to remember-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Your sweet expression, the smile you gave me, the way you looked when we met, It's easy to remember, but so hard to forget. I hear you whisper, I'll always love you, I know it's over and yet, It's easy to remember, but so hard to forget. So I must dream to have your hands caress me, fingers press me tight, I'd rather dream than have that lonely feeling stealing through the night. Each little moment is clear before me, and though it brings me regret, It's easy to remember but so hard to forget. 
just one of those things-Frank Sinatra[SEP]It was just one of those things Just one of those crazy flings One of those bells that now and then rings Just one of those things  It was just one of those nights Just one of those fabulous flights A trip to the moon on gossamer wings Just one of those things  If we'd thought a bit, of the end of it When we started painting the town We'd have been aware that our love affair Was too hot, not to cool down  So goodbye, dear, and Amen Here's hoping we meet now and then It was great fun But it was just one of those things 
lover-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Lover, when I'm near you and I hear you speak my name Softly in my ear you breathe a flame  Lover, when we're dancing keep on glancing in my eyes Till loves own enchanting music dies  All of my future is in you, you're every plan I desire Promise you'll always continue to be mine  Lover, please be tender when your tender fears depart Lover, I surrender to my heart  All of my future is in you, you're every plan I desire Promise you'll always continue to be mine  Lover, please be tender when your tender fears depart Lover, I surrender to my heart 
you go to my head-Frank Sinatra[SEP]You go to my head And you linger like a haunting refrain And I find you spinning round in my brain Like the bubbles in a glass of champagne  You go to my head Like a sip of sparkling burgundy brew And I find the very mention of you Like the kicker in a julep or two  The thrill of the thought That you might give a thought to my plea, cast a spell over me Still I say to myself get a hold of yourself Can't you see that it never can be?  You go to my head With a smile that makes my temperature rise Like a summer with a thousand Julys You intoxicate my soul with your eyes  Though I'm certain that this heart of mine Hasn't a ghost of a chance in this crazy romance You go to my head You go to my head 
strangers in the night-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Strangers in the night exchanging glances Wond'ring in the night what were the chances We'd be sharing love before the night was through  Something in your eyes was so inviting Something in your smile was so exciting Something in my heart told me I must have you  Strangers in the night Two lonely people, we were strangers in the night Up to the moment when we said our first hello little did we know Love was just a glance away, a warm embracing dance away  and  Ever since that night we've been together Lovers at first sight, in love forever It turned out so right for strangers in the night  [instrumental-first three lines of chorus]  Love was just a glance away, a warm embracing dance away  Ever since that night we've been together Lovers at first sight, in love forever It turned out so right for strangers in the night  [Dooby-doooby-doo and other scat to end] 
wrap your troubles in dreams-Frank Sinatra[SEP]When skies are cloudy and gray They're only gray for a day So wrap your troubles in dreams And dream your troubles away  Until that sunshine peeps through There's only one thing to do Just wrap your troubles in dreams And dream all your troubles away  Your castles may tumble, that's fate after all Life's really funny that way No use to grumble, smile as they fall Weren't you king for a day?  Just remember that sunshine Always follows the rain So wrap your troubles in dreams And dream your troubles away  Your castles may tumble, that's fate after all Life's really funny that way But no need to grumble, smile as they fall Weren't you king for a day?  Just remember that sunshine Always follows the rain So wrap your troubles in dreams And dream, dream your troubles away 
over the rainbow-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Somewhere, over the rainbow Way up high There's a land that I heard of Once in a lullaby  Somewhere, over the rainbow Skies are blue And the dreams that you dare to dream Really do come true  Some day I'll wish upon a star and wake up Where the clouds are far behind me Where trouble melt like lemon drops away above The chimney tops, that's where you'll find me  Somewhere, over the rainbow Blue birds fly Birds fly over the rainbow Why then oh why can't I?  When all the world is a hopeless jumble And the raindrops tumble all around Heaven opens a magic lane to a place behind the sun Just a step behind the rain  Somewhere, over the rainbow Blue birds fly Birds fly over the rainbow Why then, oh why can't I?  If happy little blue birds fly beyond the rainbow Why, oh why can't I? 
everything happens to me-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Black cats creep across my path until I'm almost mad I must have roused the Devil's wrath 'cause all my luck is bad I make a date for golf and you can bet your life it rains I try to give a party but the guy upstairs complains I guess I'll go through life just catchin' colds and missin' trains Everything happens to me  I never miss a thing, I've had the measles and the mumps And every time I play an ace, my partner always trumps I guess I'm just a fool who never looks before he jumps Everything happens to me  At first my heart thought you could break this jinx for me That love would turn the trick to end despair  But now I just can't fool this head that thinks for me So I've mortgaged all my castles in the air  I've telegraphed and phoned, sent an Air Mail Special, too You answer was "Goodbye", there was even postage due I fell in love just once and then it had to be with you Everything happens to me  I've never drawn a sweepstake or a bank night at a show I thought perhaps this time I'd won but Lady Luck said "No" And though it breaks my heart I'm not surprised to see you go Everything happens to me  Everything happens to me 
i'm sorry i made you cry-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I'm sorry dear, so sorry dear I'm sorry I made you cry Won't you forget, won't you forgive? Don't let us say goodbye  One little word, one little smile One little kiss won't you try? It breaks my heart to hear you sigh I'm sorry I made you cry  One little word, one little smile One little kiss won't you try? It breaks my heart to hear you sigh I'm sorry I made you cry 
you brought a new kind of love to me-Frank Sinatra[SEP]If the nightingales could sing like you They'd sing much sweeter than they do For you brought a new kind of love to me  And if the sandman brought me dreams of you I'd want to sleep my whole life through You brought a new love to me  I know that I'm the slave, you're the queen Still you can understand that underneath it all You're a maid and I am only a man  I would work and slave the whole day through If I could hurry home to you You brought a new kind of love to me 
should i?-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Should I reveal exactly how I feel? Should I confess I love you? Should I recite beneath the pale moonlight And swear by the stars above you?  Could I repeat the sweetest story told? Could I entreat, would it be too bold? Should I reveal exactly how I feel? Should I confess I love you?  Could I repeat that sweetest story told? Could I entreat, would it be too bold? Should I reveal exactly how I feel? Should I confess I love you And swear by stars above you?  Should I confess I love you? 
i'm gonna sit right down (and write myself a letter)-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter And make believe it came from you I'm gonna write words oh so sweet They're gonna knock me off my feet A lotta kisses on the bottom I'll be glad I got 'em  I'm gonna smile and say: "I hope you're feeling better" And close with love the way you do I'm gonna sit (right) down and write myself a letter (And make believe it came, though I know it's not the same) And (I'll) make believe (that) it came from you 
you make me feel so young-Frank Sinatra[SEP]You make me feel so young You make me feel so spring has sprung And every time I see you grin I'm such a happy individual  The moment that you speak I wanna go play hide-and-seek I wanna go and bounce the moon Just like a toy balloon  You and I are just like a couple of tots Running across the meadow Picking up lots of forget-me-nots  You make me feel so young You make me feel there are songs to be sung Bells to be rung and a wonderful fling to be flung  And even when I'm old and gray I'm gonna feel the way I do today 'Cause you make me feel so young  You make me feel so young You make me feel so spring has sprung And every time I see you grin I'm such a happy individual  The moment that you speak I wanna go play hide-and-seek I wanna go and bounce the moon Just like a toy balloon  You and I are just like a couple of tots Running across the meadow Picking up lots of forget-me-nots  You make me feel so young You make me feel there are songs to be sung And bells to be rung And a wonderful fling to be flung  And even when I'm old and gray I'm gonna feel the way I do today 'Cause you, you make me feel so young You make me feel so young [x2] Ooh, you make me feel so young 
deep in a dream-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I dim all the lights and I sink in my chair. The smoke from my cigarette climbs through the air. The walls of my room fade away in the blue, And I'm deep in a dream of you.  The smoke makes a stairway for you to descend; You come to my arms, may this bliss never end, For we love anew just as we used to do When I'm deep in a dream of you.  Then from the ceiling, sweet music comes stealing; We glide through a lover's refrain, you're so appealing That I'm soon revealing my love for you over again. My cigarette burns me, I wake with a start;  My hand isn't hurt, but there's pain in my heart. Awake or asleep, ev'ry mem'ry I'll keep Deep in a dream of you. 
how deep is the ocean?-Frank Sinatra[SEP]How much do I love you? I'll tell you no lie How deep is the ocean? How high is the sky? How many times a day do I think of you? How many roses are sprinkled with dew?  How far would I travel to be where you are? How far is the journey from here to a star? And if I ever lost you, how much would I cry? How deep is the ocean? How high is the sky?  How far would I travel to be where you are? How far is the journey from here to a star? And if I ever lost you, how much would I cry? How deep is the ocean? How high is the sky? How high is the sky? 
i'll never be the same-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I'll never be the same Stars have lost their meaning for me I'll never be the same Nothing's what it once used to be  And when the songbirds that sing Tell me it's spring I can't believe their song Once love was king But kings can be wrong  I'll never be the same There is such an ache in my heart Never be the same Since we're apart  Though there's such a lot That a smile may hide I know down deep inside I'll never be the same Never be the same again  I'll never be the same Never be the same again 
why shouldn't i?-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Why shouldn't I take a chance when romance passes by? Why shouldn't I know of love? Why wait around when each age has a sage who has sung That upon this earth love is all that is really worth thinking of?  It must be fun, lots of fun To be sure when day is done That the hour is coming when you'll be kissed And then you'll be kissed again  All debutantes say it's good And every star out in far Hollywood Seems to give it a try So why shouldn't I?  All debutantes say it's good And every star out in far Hollywood Seems to give it a try So why shouldn't I? 
old devil moon-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I look at you and suddenly, something in your eyes I see; Soon begins bewitching me. It's that old devil moon that you stole from the skies. It's that old devil moon in your eyes. You and you glance make this romance too hot to handle. Stars in the night, blazing their light can't hold a candle; To your razzle-dazzle. You've got me flyin' high and wide, on a magic carpet ride; Full of butterflies inside. Wanna cry, wanna croon, wanna laugh like a loon. It's that old devil moon in your eyes. Just when I think, I'm free as a dove. Old devil moon, deep in your eyes, blinds me with love. 
try a little tenderness-Frank Sinatra[SEP]In the hustle of the day, were all inclined to miss Little things that mean so much A word, a smile, and a kiss When a woman loves a man, hes a hero in her eyes And a hero he can always be if hell just realize  She may be weary, women do get weary Wearing the same shabby dress And when shes weary, try a little tenderness  She may be waiting, just anticipating Things she may never possess While shes without them, try a little tenderness  It's not just sentimental, she has her grief and her care But a word thats soft and gentle makes it easier to bear  You wont regret it, women dont forget it Love is their whole happiness And it's all so easy, try a little tenderness 
it all depends on you-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I can be happy, I can be sad I can be good or I can be bad It all depends on you I can be lonely out in a crowd I can be humble or I can be proud It all depends on you  I can save money or spend it Go right on living or end it You're to blame, honey, for what I do I know that I can be beggar or I can be king I can be almost any old thing It all depends on you  I can be happy, I can be sad I can be good or I can be bad Depends on you I can be very lonely when I'm out with a crowd I can be humble or I can be proud Depends on you  I can save a great deal of money or I can spend it Go right on living or end it You're to blame, baby, for what I do I can be beggar, I can be king I can be almost any old thing It all depends on you 
when your lover has gone-Frank Sinatra[SEP]From ages to ages the poets and sages, Of love glorious love always sing, But ask any lover and you'll soon discover, The heartaches that romance can bring,  When you're alone, who cares for starlit skies When you're alone, the magic moonlight dies At break of dawn, there is no sunrise When your lover has gone  What lonely hours, the evening shadows bring What lonely hours, with memories lingering Like faded flowers, life can't mean anything When your lover has gone 
someone to watch over me-Frank Sinatra[SEP]There's a somebody I'm longing to see I hope that she turns out to be Someone who'll watch over me I'm a little lamb who's lost in the wood I know I could always be good To one who'll watch over me  Although I may not be the man some Girls think of as handsome To her heart I'll carry the key Won't you tell her please to put on some speed Follow my lead, oh, how I need Someone to watch over me  Won't you tell her please to put on some speed Follow my lead, oh, how I need Someone to watch over me 
can't we be friends?-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I took each word she said as gospel truth The way a silly little child would. I can't excuse it on the grounds of youth, I was no babe in the wild, wild wood. She didn't mean it, I should have seen it, But now it's too late.  I thought I'd found the girl of my dreams, Now it seems, This is how the story ends: She's gonna turn me down and say, "Can't we be friends?"  I thought for once it couldn't go wrong, Not for long, I can see the way this ends: She's gonna turn me down and say, "Can't we be friends?"  Why should I care though she gave me the air, Why should I cry, Heave a sigh, And wonder why, And wonder why?  I thought I found the gal I could trust, Watta bust, this is how the story ends: She's gonna turn me down and say, "Can't we be just friends?" 
last night when we were young-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Last night when we were young Love was a star, a song unsung Life was so new, so real so right Ages ago last night  Today the world is old You flew away and time grew cold Where is that star that shone so bright Ages ago last night?  To think that spring had depended On merely this: a look, a kiss To think that something so splendid Could slip away in one little daybreak  So now, let's reminisce And recollect the sighs and the kisses The arms that clung  When we were young last night 
body and soul-Frank Sinatra[SEP]My heart is sad and lonely For you I sigh, for you, dear, only Why haven't you seen it? I'm all for you, body and soul  I spend my days in longin' And wond'ring why it's me you're wrongin' I tell you, I mean it I'm all for you, body and soul  I can't believe it, it's hard to conceive it That you'd turn away romance Are you pretending? It looks like the ending Unless I could have one more chance to prove, dear  My life a wreck you're making You know I'm yours for just the taking I'd gladly surrender Myself to you, body and soul  My life a wreck you're making You know I'm yours for just the taking I would gladly surrender Myself to you, body and soul 
how about you?-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I like New York in June, how about you? I like a Gershwin tune, how about you? I love a fireside when a storm is due I like potato chips, moonlight, motor trips, how about you?  I'm mad about good books, can't get my fill And James Durantes looks give me a thrill Holding hands in the movie show When all the lights are low may not be new But I like it, how about you?  I like New York in June, how about you? I like a Gershwin tune, how about you? I love a fireside when a storm is due, how about you?  I'm mad about good books, can't get my fill And James Durantes looks they give me a thrill Holding hands in the movie show When all the lights are low may not be new But I like it, and I like it, I like it, how about you? 
spring is here-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Once there was a thing called spring When the world was writng verses Like yours and mine.  All the lads and girls would sing When we set a little tables And drank May wine.  Now April May and June Are sadly out of tune Life has stuck the pin in the baloon.  Spring is here! Why doesn't my heart go dancing ? Spring is here! Why isn't the waltz entrancing? No desire, no ambition leads me, Maybe it's because nobody needs me.  Spring is here! Why doesn't the breeze delight me? Stars appear, Why doesn't the night invite me? Maybe it's because nobody loves me. Spring is here I hear 
a foggy day-Frank Sinatra[SEP]A foggy day, in London town, it had me low, and it had me down I viewed the morning, with much alarm, the British Museum, had lost its charm How long I wondered, could this thing last, but the age of miracles, it hadn't past And suddenly, I saw you standing right there And in foggy London town, the sun was shining everywhere 
i don't know why (i just do)-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I don't know why I love you like I do I don't why but I do I don't know why you thrill me like you do I don't know why but you do  You never seem to want my romancing The only time you hold me is when we're dancing  I don't know why I love you like I do I don't know why but I do  You never seem to want my romancing The only time you hold me is when we're dancing  I don't know why I love you like I do I don't know why but I do 
swingin' down the lane-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Everybody's hand in hand Swingin' down the lane Everybody's feelin' grand Swingin' down the lane  That's the time I miss the bliss That we might have known Nights like this When I'm all alone  When the moon is on the rise Baby I'm so blue Watchin' lovers makin' eyes Like we used to do  When the moon is on the way Still I'm waitin' all in vain Should be swingin' down the lane With you  When the moon is on the rise Baby I'm so blue Watchin' lovers makin' eyes Like we used to do  When the moon is on the way Still I'm waitin' all in vain Should be swingin' down the lane With you 
paradise-Frank Sinatra[SEP]And then she holds my hand And then I understand Her eyes afire With one desire A heavenly kiss Could I resist?  And then she dims the light And then she holds me tight One kiss, one fond caress Will lead the way to happiness She takes me to paradise  One kiss, one fond caress Will lead the way to happiness She takes me to paradise 
it happened in monterey-Frank Sinatra[SEP]It happened in Monterey, a long time ago I met her in Monterey, in old Mexico Stars and steel guitars and luscious lips, as red as wine Broke somebody's heart and I'm afraid that it was mine  It happened in Monterey without thinking twice I left her and threw away the key to paradise My indiscreet heart longs for the sweetheart That I left in old Monterey  Ah, it happened in Monterey, a long time ago I met her in Monterey, in old Mexico Stars, guitars, lips red as wine Broke somebody's heart and I fear that it was mine  It happened in Monterey and without thinking twice I left her and I threw away the key to paradise My indiscreet heart, how it longs for that sweetheart That I left in old Monterey 
i see your face before me-Frank Sinatra[SEP]In a world of glitter and glow In a world of tinsel and show The unreal from the real thing is hard to know I discovered somebody who Could be truly worthy and true Yes, I met my ideal thing when I met you  I see your face before me Crowding my every dream There is your face before me You are my only theme  It doesn't matter where you are I can see how fair you are I close my eyes and there you are Always  If you could share the magic Yes, if you could see me too There would be nothing tragic In all my dreams of you  Would that my love could haunt you so Knowing I want you so I can't erase your beautiful face before me 
little girl blue-Frank Sinatra[SEP]When you were very young The world was younger than you As merry as a carousel  The circus tent was strung With every star in the sky Above the ring you loved so well  Now the young world has grown old Gone are the silver and gold  Sit there and count your fingers what can you do Old girl, you're through Just sit there and count your little fingers Unhappy little girl blue  Sit there and count the raindrops falling on you It's time you knew All you can count on are the raindrops That fall on little girl blue  No use, old girl, you might as well surrender Your hopes are getting slender Why won't somebody send a tender Blue boy to cheer up little girl blue 
jeepers creepers-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Jeepers creepers Where'd you get those peepers? Jeepers creepers Where'd you get those eyes?  Gosh all, git up How'd they get so lit up? Gosh all, git up How'd they get that size?  Golly gee When you turn those heaters on Woe is me Got to put my cheaters on  Jeepers creepers Where'd you get those steepers Oh, those weepers, how they hypnotize Where'd you get those eyes?  Golly gee When you turn those heaters on Woe is me I got to put the cheaters on  Jeepers creepers Where'd you get those peepers? Oh, those weepers, how they hypnotize Where did you get those eyes?  How did they get that size? Where did you get those eyes? 
it never entered my mind-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Once I laughed when I heard you saying That I'd be playing solitaire Uneasy in my easy chair It never entered my mind  And once you told me I was mistaken That I'd awaken with the sun And ordered orange juice for one It never entered my mind You had what I lack, myself Now I even have to scratch my back myself  Once you warned me that if you scorned me I'd say a lonely prayer again And wish that you were there again To get into my hair again It never entered my mind  Once you warned me that if you scorned me I'd say a lonely prayer again And wish that you were there again To get into my hair again It never entered my mind 
the girl next door-Frank Sinatra[SEP]The moment I saw her face, I knew she was just my style. My only regret is we've never met for I dream of her all the while, But she doesn't know I exist, no matter how I persist. So it's clear to see there's no hope for me, Though I live at fifty-one thirty-five Kensngton Avenue, And she lives at fifty-one thirty three.  How can I ignore the girl next door, I love her more than I can say. Doesn't try to please me, doesn't even tease me, And she never sees me glance her way. And I thought I'm heartsore, the girl next door Affection for me won't display. I just adore her so I can't ignore her, the girl next door. 
i concentrate on you-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Whenever skies look gray to me and trouble begins to brew Whenever the winter winds become too strong I concentrate on you  When fortune cries "Nay, nay" to me And people declare "You're through" Whenever the blues become my only songs I concentrate on you  On your smile, so sweet, so tender When at first my kiss you do decline On the light in your eyes when you surrender And once again our arms intertwine  And so when wise men say to me That love's young dream never comes true To prove that even the wise men can be wrong I concentrate on you  [instrumental to end] 
get happy-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Forget your troubles and just get happy You better chase all your cares away Sing Hallelujah, come on, get happy Get ready for the Judgment Day  The sun is shining, come on, get happy The Lord is waiting to take your hand Shout Hallelujah, come on, get happy We're going to the promised land  We're heading 'cross the river Wash your sins 'way in the tide It's all so peaceful on the other side  Forget your troubles and just get happy You better chase all your cares away Shout Hallelujah, come on, get happy Get ready for the Judgment Day  Forget your troubles and just get happy You better chase all your cares away Sing Hallelujah, come on, get happy Get ready for the Judgment Day  That sun is shining, come on, get happy The Lord is waiting to take you by the hand Shout Hallelujah, come on, get happy We're going to the promised land  We're heading 'cross the river Wash your sins 'way in the tide And it's all so nice and peaceful When you get on the other side  Forget your troubles and just get happy You better chase all your cares away Shout Hallelujah, come on, get happy Get ready for the Judgment Day  Forget your troubles, come on, get happy Forget your troubles, come on, be happy Forget your troubles, come on, stay happy Happy, stay happy 
pennies from heaven-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Every time it rains, it rains pennies from heaven Don't you know each cloud contains pennies from heaven? You'll find your fortune's fallin' all over the town Be sure that your umbrella is upside down  Trade them for a package of sunshine and flowers If you want the things you love, you must have showers So, when you hear it thunder, don't run under a tree There'll be pennies from heaven for you and me  [lengthy instrumental-sax solo and then brass]  Every time, every time it rains, it's gonna rain pennies from heaven Don't you know every cloud contains lots of pennies from heaven You'll find your fortune's fallin', baby, all over the town Be sure, be sure that your umbrella is upside down  Trade them for a package of sunshine and flowers If you want the things you love, you've got to have showers So, when you hear it thunder, don't run under a tree There'll be pennies from heaven for you and me 
i get a kick out of you-Frank Sinatra[SEP]My story is much too sad to be told, But practically everything leaves me totally cold. The only exception I know is the case When I'm out on a quiet spree, Fighting vainly the old ennui, And I suddenly turn and see your fabulous face.  I get no kick from champagne. Mere alcohol Doesn't thrill me at all. So tell me why should it be true That I get a kick out of you?  Some—they may go for cocaine. I'm sure that if I took even one sniff It would bore me terrifically, too. Yet I get a kick out of you.  I get a kick every time I see You standing there before me. I get a kick though it's clear to see You obviously Do not adore me.  I get no kick in a plane. Flying too high With some gal in the sky Is my idea of nothing to do. Yet I get a kick—um, you give me a boot—I get a kick out of you. 
when you're smiling-Frank Sinatra[SEP]When you're smilin', when you're smilin' The whole world smiles with you When you're laughin', when you're laughin' The sun comes shinin' through  But when you're cryin', you bring on the rain So stop your sighin', be happy again Keep on smilin', 'cause when you're smilin' The whole world smiles with you  When you're smilin', when you're smilin' The whole world smiles with you When you're laughin', when you're laughin' That sun comes shinin' through  But when you're cryin', you bring on the rain So stop your sighin', be happy again Keep on smilin', 'cause when you're smilin' The whole world smiles with you 
that old black magic-Frank Sinatra[SEP]That old black magic has me in its spell That old black magic that you weave so well Those icy fingers up and down my spine The same old witchcraft when your eyes meet mine  The same old tingle that I feel inside And then that elevator starts its ride And down and down I go, round and round I go Like a leaf that's caught in the tide  I should stay away but what can I do? I hear your name and I'm aflame Aflame with such a burning desire That only your kiss can put out the fire  'Cause you are the lover I have waited for The mate that fate had me created for And every time your lips meet mine  Darling, down and down I go, round and round I go In a spin, loving the spin that I'm in Under that old black magic called love 
don't like goodbyes-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Don't like good-byes, tears or sighs I'm not too good at leaving time I've got no taste for grieving time No, no, not me  You've been my near ones, always my dear ones I never thought that I would find Another love, a different kind But it came to be  Well if you think I'm telling you lies Go try your luck and look into her eyes But remember, you must remember she's mine And my world overhead has a clear new shine  Don't want to leave you Sorry to grieve you It's traveling time, and I must move on Found the girl (gal) to lean upon  And if I could arrange it Oh would I care to chance it - not me 
glad to be unhappy-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Look at yourself, if you had a sense of humor You would laugh to beat the band Look at yourself, do you still believe the rumor That romance is simply grand?  Since you took it right on the chin You have lost that bright toothpaste grin My mental state is all a-jumble I sit around and sadly mumble  Fools rush in, so here I am Very glad to be unhappy I can't win, but here I am More than glad to be unhappy  Unrequited love's a bore And I've got it pretty bad But for someone you adore It's a pleasure to be sad  Like a straying baby lamb With no mammy and no pappy I'm so unhappy But oh, so glad! 
laura-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Laura is the face in the misty light Footsteps that you hear down the hall The laugh that floats on a summer night That you can never quite recall  And you see Laura on a train that is passing through Those eyes how familiar they seem She gave your very first kiss to you That was Laura but she's only a dream  She gave your very first kiss to you That was Laura but she's only a dream 
all the things you are-Frank Sinatra[SEP]You are the promised kiss of springtime That makes the lonely winter seem long You are the breathless hush of evening That trembles on the brink of a lovely song  You are the angel glow that lights the star The dearest things that I know are what you are Someday my happy arms will hold you And someday I'll know that moment divine When all the things you are, are mine  You are the angel glow that lights the star The dearest things that I know are what you are Someday my happy arms will hold you And someday I'll know that moment divine When all the things you are, are mine 
violets for your furs-Frank Sinatra[SEP]It was winter in Manhattan, falling snow flakes filled the air, The streets were covered with a film of ice, But a little simple magic that I learned about somewhere, Changed the weather all around, just within a thrice. I bought you violets for your furs and it was spring for a while, remember? I bought you violets for your furs and there was April in that December. The snow drifted down and the flowers, and that is where it lay. The snow looked like dew and the blossoms as on a summer day. I bought you violets for your furs and there was blue in the wintry sky, You pinned my violets to your furs and gave a lift to the crowds passing by, You smiled at me so sweetly, since then one thought occurs, That we fell in love completely, the day I bought you violets for your furs. 
p.s. i love you-Frank Sinatra[SEP]What is there to write? What is there to say? Same things happen everyday, not a thing to write, not a thing to say, So I take my pen in hand and start the same old way.  Dear, I thought I'd drop a line, the weather's cool, the folks are fine, I'm in bed each night at nine, P. S. I love you. Yesterday we had some rain, but all in all, I can't complain, Was it dusty on the train, P. S. I love you. Write to the Browns just as soon as you're able, They came around to call, and I burned a hole in the dining room table, And let me see, I guess that's all. Nothing else for me to say, and so I'll close but by the way, Everybody's thinking of you, P. S. I love you. I do my best to obey all your wishes, I put a sign up "Think" But I gotta buy us a new set of dishes, or wash the ones that are piled in the sink. Nothing else to tell you dear, except each day seems like a year, Every night I'm dreaming of you, P. S. I love you. 
i've got you under my skin-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I've got you under my skin. I've got you deep in the heart of me. So deep in my heart that you're really a part of me. I've got you under my skin. I'd tried so not to give in. I said to myself: this affair never will go so well. But why should I try to resist when, baby, I know so well I've got you under my skin?  I'd sacrifice anything come what might For the sake of havin' you near In spite of a warnin' voice that comes in the night And repeats, repeats in my ear: Don't you know, little fool, you never can win? Use your mentality, wake up to reality. But each time that I do just the thought of you Makes me stop before I begin 'Cause I've got you under my skin.  [Musical interlude]  I would sacrifice anything come what might For the sake of havin' you near In spite of the warning voice that comes in the night And repeats - how it yells in my ear: Don't you know, little fool, you never can win? Why not use your mentality - step up, wake up to reality? But each time I do just the thought of you Makes me stop just before I begin 'Cause I've got you under my skin. Yes, I've got you under my skin. 
guess i'll hang my tears out to dry-Frank Sinatra[SEP]The torch I carry is handsome It's worth its heartache in ransom  And when the twilight steals I know how the lady in the harbor feels  When I want rain, I get sunny weather I'm just as blue as the sky Since love is gone, can't pull myself together Guess I'll hang my tears out to dry  Friends ask me out, and I tell them I'm busy Must get a new alibi I stay at home, and ask myself "Where is she?" Guess I'll hang my tears out to dry  Dry little tear drops, my little tear drops Hanging on a stream of dreams Fly, little mem'ries, my little mem'ries Remind her of our crazy schemes  Yes, somebody said "Just forget about her" So I gave that treatment a try And strangely enough, I got along without her Then one day she passed me right by Oh well I guess I'll hang my tears out to dry 
i thought about you-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I took a trip on a train And I thought about you I passed a shadowy lane And I thought about you  Two or three cars parked under the stars Winding stream Moon shining down on some little town And with each beam, the same old dream  And every stop that we made Oh, I thought about you And when I pulled down the shade Then I really felt blue  I peeped through the crack Looked at the track The one going back to you And what did I do? I thought about you  There were two or three cars parked under the stars Winding stream Moon shining down on some little town And with each beam, the same old dream  And then I peeped through the crack And I looked at the track The one going back to you And what did I do? I thought about you 
all of me-Frank Sinatra[SEP]All of me Why not take all of me Can't you see I'm no good without you  Take my lips I want to lose them Take my arms I'll never use them  Your goodbye Left me with eyes that cry How can I Get along without you  You took the part That once was my heart So why not Why not take all of me  All of me Come on get all of me Can't you see I'm just a mess without you  Take my lips I want to lose them Get a piece of these arms I'll never use them  Your goodbye Left me with eyes that cry How can I Ever make it without you  You know you got the part Used to be my heart So why not Why not take all of me 
this love of mine-Frank Sinatra[SEP]This love of mine goes on and on, Tho' life is empty since you have gone. You're always on my mind, tho' out of sight It's lonesome thru the day, But oh! the night.  I cry my heart out it's bound to break, Since nothing matters, let it break. I ask the sun and the moon, The stars that shine, What's to become of it, this love of mine. 
the continental-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Beautiful music Dangerous rhythm  It's something daring, the Continental A way of dancing that's really ultra-new It's very subtle, the Continental Because it does what you want it to do  It has a passion, the Continental An invitation to moonlight and romance It's quite the fashion, the Continental Because you tell of your love while you dance  You kiss while you're dancing It's continental, ooh, it's continental You sing while you're dancing Your voice is gentle and so sentimental  You'll know before the dance is through That you're in love with her and she's in love with you You'll find while you're dancin' That there's a rhythm in your heart and soul A certain rhythm that you can't control And you will do the Continental all the time  [brief instrumental]  You'll find while you're dancin' That there's a rhythm in your heart and soul A certain rhythm that you can't control And you will do the Continental all the time  Beautiful music Dangerous rhythm  The Continental! 
you do something to me-Frank Sinatra[SEP]You do something to me Something that simply mystifies me Tell me, why should it be You have the power to hypnotize me?  Let me live 'neath your spell Do do that voodoo that you do so well 'Cause you do something to me That nobody else could do  You do something to me Something that simply mystifies me Tell me, why should it be You got the power to hypnotize me?  Let me live 'neath your spell Do do that voodoo that you do so well 'Cause you do something to me That nobody else can do That no one else in the world can do 
we'll be together again-Frank Sinatra[SEP]No tears, no fears, Remember there's always tomorrow So what if we have to part, We'll be together again Your kiss, your smile, Are memories I'll treasure forever So try thinking with your heart, We'll be together again Times when I know you'll be lonesome, Times when I know you'll be sad Don't let temptation surround you, Don't let the blues make you bad Someday, someway, We both have a lifetime before us For parting is not good-bye, We'll be together again 
she's funny that way-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I'm not much to look at, nothin' to see Just glad I'm livin' and lucky to be I got a man, crazy for me He's funny that way  I can't save a dollar, ain't worth a cent He doesn't holler, he'd live in a tent I got a man, crazy for me He's funny that way  I can see no other way and no better plan End it all and let him go to some other gal But I'm only human, a coward at best I know for certain he'd follow me west  I got a man, crazy for me He's funny that way  Though he loves to work and slave For me every day He'd be so much better off If I went away  But why should I leave him, why should I go? He'd be unhappy without me I know I got a man, crazy for me He's funny that way 
it's only a paper moon-Frank Sinatra[SEP]It is only a paper moon Sailing over a cardboard sea But it wouldn't be make believe If you believed in me  Yes, it's only a canvas sky Hangin' over a muslin tree But it wouldn't be make believe If you believed in me  Without your love It's a honky tonk parade Without your love It's a melody played in a penny arcade  It's a Barnum and Bailey world Just as phony as it can be But it wouldn't be make believe If you believed in me  Without your love It's a honky tonk parade Without your love It's a melody played in a penny arcade  It's a Barnum and Bailey world Just as phony as it can be But it wouldn't be make believe If you believed in me 
these foolish things (remind me of you)-Frank Sinatra[SEP]A cigarette that bears a lipstick's traces An airline ticket to romantic places And still my heart has wings These foolish things remind me of you  A tinkling piano in the next apartment Those stumbling words that told you what my heart meant A fairground's painted swings These foolish things remind me of you  You came, you saw, you conquered me When you did that to me I knew somehow this had to be  The winds of March that make my heart a dancer A telephone that rings but who's to answer? Oh, how the ghost of you clings These foolish things remind me of you  The smile of Turner and the scent of roses The waiters whistling as the last bar closes The song that Crosby sings These foolish things remind me of you 
like someone in love-Frank Sinatra[SEP]Lately, I find myself gazing at stars, hearing guitars like someone in love. Sometimes the things I do astound me, mostly whenever you're around me. Lately I seem to walk as though I had wings, bump into things like someone in love. Each time I look at you, I'm limp as a glove, and feeling like someone in love. 
my funny valentine-Frank Sinatra[SEP]My funny valentine Sweet comic valentine You make me smile with my heart Your looks are laughable Unphotographable Yet you're my favourite work of art  Is your figure less than greek Is your mouth a little weak When you open it to speak Are you smart?  But don't change a hair for me Not if you care for me Stay little valentine stay Each day is valentines day  Is your figure less than greek Is your mouth a little weak When you open it to speak Are you smart?  But don't change a hair for me Not if you care for me Stay little valentine stay Each day is valentines day 
blame it on my youth-Frank Sinatra[SEP]You were my adored one, Then you became the bored one, And I was like a toy that brought you joy one day, A broken toy that you preferred to throw away.  If I expected love when first we kissed, Blame it on my youth. If only just for you I did exist, Blame it on my youth. I believed in everything, Like a child of three. You meant more than anything, All the world to me. If you were on my mind both night and day, Blame it on my youth. If I forgot to eat and sleep and pray, Blame it on my youth. And if I cried a little bit when first I learned the truth, Don't blame it on my heart, Blame it on my youth. 
too marvelous for words-Frank Sinatra[SEP]You're just too marvelous, too marvelous for words Like "glorious", "glamorous" and that old standby "amorous". It's all too wonderful, I'll never find the words That say enough, tell enough, I mean they just aren't swell enough.  You're much too much, and just too "very, very" To ever be in Webster's Dictionary. And so I'm borrowing a love song from the birds To tell you that you're marvelous - too marvelous for words.  [Musical interlude]  You're much - you're too much - and just too "very, very" To ever be, to ever be in Webster's Dictionary. And so I'm borrowing a love song from the birds To tell you that you're marvelous; Tell you that you're marvelous; Tell you that you're marvelous - too marvelous for words 
(i don't stand) a ghost of a chance with you-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I need your love so badly, I love you oh so madly But I don't stand a ghost of a chance with you I thought at last I'd found you but other loves surround you And I don't stand a ghost of a chance with you  If you'd surrender just for a tender kiss or two You might discover that I'm the lover meant for you And I'd be true but what's the good of scheming I'm dreaming for I don't stand a ghost of a chance with you 'Cuz I don't stand a ghost of a chance with you 
fools rush in-Frank Sinatra[SEP]"Romance is a game for fools", I used to say A game I thought I'd never play  "Romance is a game for fools", I said and grinned Then you passed by and here am I Throwing caution through the wind  Fools rush in where angels fear to tread And so I come to you, my love My heart above my head  Though I see the danger there If there's a chance for me Then I don't care  Fools rush in where wise men never go But wise men never fall in love So how are they to know  When we met I felt my life begin So open up your heart And let this fool rush in 
with every breath i take-Frank Sinatra[SEP]I think of you with every breath I take, With every breeze that wanders by. And your name is a song I'll remember the long years through.  I breathe your name with every breath I take, And every breath becomes a sigh. Not a sigh of despair But a sigh that I'll always care.  Even now as I walk through the garden Seems that I hear love say: "Some day, some way."  And when I sleep you keep my heart awake, And when I wake from dreams divine Every breath that I take 
man on the corner-Genesis[SEP]See the lonely man there on the corner, What he's waiting for, I don't know, But he waits everyday now. He's just waiting for something to show.  And nobody knows him, And nobody cares, 'Cos there's no hiding place, There's no hiding place - for you.  Looking everywhere at no one, He sees everything and nothing at all - oh. When he shouts nobody listens, Where he leads no one will go - oh.  He's a lonely man, there on the corner, What he's waiting for, I don't know, But he waits everyday now. He's just waiting for something to show - oh.  Nobody knows him, And nobody cares, 'Cos there's no hiding place, There's no hiding place - for you and me.  Are we just like all the rest, We're looking too hard for something he's got Or moving too fast to rest. But like a monkey on your back you need it. But do you love it enough to leave it - ah.  Just like the lonely man there on the corner, What he's waiting for, I don't know - oh. But he waits every day now. He's just waiting for that something to show - oh.  Who's the lonely man there on the corner, What he's waiting for, I don't know. But he's there every day now. And he's just waiting for something to show - oh.  Who's the lonely man there on the corner, What he's waiting for, I don't know. Oh but he waits every day now. He's just waiting for that something to show. 
banjo man(from "congo" single)-Genesis[SEP]Give me a song I know Something I can relate to People never criticize the way I play Show me the way to go I need to make a breakthrough I don't think that I can wait another day  It's putting years on me I'm a young man going grey I don't believe that I can wait another day  This simple melody is all I have I make my living that way I make good friends that way  I really can't make no sense of it As hard as I try Is it something I do wrong? Please won't you tell me why The people all seem to like it And no one knows about it more than I  I met a man today Who walked in my direction Stopped took off his hat And lit a cigarette He listened carefully To what I had been playing Threw a coin into my hands And walked away  I always play just what they want me to Everybody wants the same song If only I could do it in my own way I'd feel such emotion, emotion, Emotion, emotion,  Give me a song I know Something I can relate to No one wants to criticize the way I play I should just say no And play them what I want to 'Cause I don't think that I can wait another day  It's putting years on me I'm a young man going grey I don't believe that I can wait another day  This simple melody is all I have I make my living that way I make good friends that way They feel my emotion, emotion, Emotion, emotion... 
twilight alehouse-Genesis[SEP]Is it really true what they're saying Are you really sure there's nobody come for me When I'm walking home there is no-one Once there was a house, full of laughter - so warm Trying to pretend there is someone Someone who will care when I need it  I will now receive my comfort, conjured by the magic power of wine Just a drink, I'll get that drink, and I'm feeling good Just a drink, I'll get that drink, and I'm feeling fine Just a drink to take my sorrow Just a drink and you can blast tomorrow Just a drink to make me feel like a man again Now I'm down  When I walk outside, there is nowhere Children follow me, with their laughter - so cold... Casting just a glance at the churchyard Casting just a glance, at my painted female friend.  Now I'm on my way, I am falling Got to find some 'elp, ooh I will need that now  So I will receive my comfort, conjured by the magic power of wine Just a drink, I'll get that drink, and I'm feeling good Just a drink, I'll get that drink, and I'm feeling fine Just a drink to take my sorrow Just a drink and you can blast tomorrow Just a drink to make me feel like a man again Now I'm down...  I will now receive my comfort, conjured by the magic power of wine Just a drink, I'll get that drink, and I'm feeling good Just a drink, I'll get that drink, and I'm feeling fine Just a drink to take my sorrow Just a drink and you can blast tomorrow, now... 
tonight, tonight, tonight-Genesis[SEP]I'm coming down, coming down like a monkey, but it's alright Like a load on your back that you can't see, ooh but it's alright Try to shake it loose, cut it free, just let it go, get it away from me.  Cos tonight, tonight, tonight - oh, I'm gonna make it right Tonight, tonight, tonight - oh.  I'm going down, going down, like a monkey, ooh but it's alright Try to pick yourself up, carry that weight that you can't see, Don't you know it's alright It's like a helter skelter, going down and down, round and round But just get it away from me - oh.  Because tonight, tonight, tonight - oh We're gonna make it right Tonight, tonight, tonight - oh.  I got some money in my pocket, about ready to burn I don't remember where I got it, I gotta get it to you So please answer the phone, cos I keep calling, but you're never home What am I gonna do Tonight, tonight, tonight - oh I'm gonna make it right Tonight, tonight, tonight - oh.  You keep telling me I've got everything, you say I've got everything I want You keep telling me you're gonna help me, you're gonna help me, but you don't But now I'm in too deep You see it's got me so that I just can't sleep Oh get me out of here, please get me out of here Just help me I'll do anything, anything If you'll just help me get out of here.  I'm coming down, coming down like a monkey, ooh but it's alright It's like a load on your back that you can't see, Ooh don't you know that it's alright Just try to shake it loose, cut it free, let it go But just get it away from me Cos tonight, tonight, tonight - oh Maybe we'll make it right Tonight, tonight, tonight - oh.  Please get me out of here Someone get me out of here Just help me I'll do anything, anything If you'll just help get me out of here Tonight - oh, I'm gonna make it right Tonight, tonight, tonight - oh.  Yes tonight, tonight, tonight - oh, Yes I'm gonna make it right, tonight, tonight, tonight - oh... 
you might recall-Genesis[SEP]What was it you said to me Back in the days when things looked fine 'bout how we would be together Until we left the earth behind Oh, it's funny how things can change Cos there was a time I thought I'd be the one Who'd leave and start again But now I'd stay forever  Ooh my hopes are as the leaves upon the water Just sunk in the night And though I know you couldn't care, you oughtta Ah, the end of a life Or maybe when you're older, and you're thinking back You might recall Now did I act carefully, did I do right? Or were we meant to be, all of our lives In love and harmony, all of our lives?  So now, take my hand Come, hold me closely As near as you can Believing all that we could be And all that we have been And all that we are  Everyday seems summertime The river flow with wine Ooh when you were here with me I wish we'd stayed that way forever  Oh my hopes are as the leaves upon the water Just sunk in the night And though I know you couldn't care, you oughtta Ah, the end of a life Or maybe when you're older, and you're thinking back Well you might recall Now did I act carefully, did I do right? Or were we meant to be, all of our lives In love and harmony, all of our lives?  So now, take my hand Come, hold me closely As near as you can Believing all that we could be And all that we have been And all that we are  Oh my hopes were as the leaves upon the water Ah, sunk in the night And though I know you couldn't care, you oughtta Oh, the end of a life And maybe when you're older, and you're thinking back Oh, you might recall Now did I act carefully, did I do right? Or were we meant to be, all of our lives In love and harmony, all of our lives?  So now, take my hand Come, hold me closely As near as you can Believing all that we could be And all that we have been And all that we are 
lilywhite lilith-Genesis[SEP]The chamber was in confusion-all the voices shouting loud. I could only just hear, a voice quite near say, "Please help me through the crowd" 'Said if I helped her thru' she could help me too, but I could see that she was wholly blind. But from her pale face and her pale skin, a moonlight shined.  Lilywhite Lilith, She gonna take you thru' the tunnel of night. Lilywhite Lilith, She gonna lead you right.  When I'd led her through the people, the angry noise began to grow. She said "Let me feel the way the breezes blow, and I'll show you where to go." So I followed her into a big round cave, she said "They're coming for you, now don't be afraid." Then she sat me down on a cold stone throne, carved in jade.  Lilywhite Lilith, She gonna take you thru' the tunnel of night. Lilywhite Lilith, She gonna lead you right.  She leaves me in my darkness, I have to face my fear, And the darkness closes in on me, I can hear a whirring sound growling near. I can see the corner of the tunnel, Lit up by whatever's coming here. Two golden globes float into the room And a blaze of white light fills the air. 
follow you follow me-Genesis[SEP]Stay with me, My love I hope you'll always be Right here by my side if ever I need you Oh my love  In your arms, I feel so safe and so secure Everyday is such a perfect day to spend Alone with you  I will follow you will you follow me All the days and nights that we know will be I will stay with you will you stay with me Just one single tear in each passing year  With the dark, Oh I see so very clearly now All my fears are drifting by me so slowly now Fading away  I can say The night is long but you are here Close at hand, oh I'm better for the smile you give And while I live  I will follow you will you follow me All the days and nights that we know will be I will stay with you will you stay with me Just one single tear in each passing year there will be  I will follow you will you follow me All the days and nights that we know will be I will stay with you will you stay with me Just one single tear in each passing year... 
dreaming while you sleep-Genesis[SEP]In and out of darkness, in and out of sleep trying to keep my hands upon the wheel. Never saw the corner in the driving rain. I never saw her step into the street. Dreaming while you sleep dreaming while you sleep memories to keep dreaming while you sleep  I can never understand what went thru my mind I didn't stop to see what I had done. Had to keep on driving deep into the night the miles between would somehow put it right  Dreaming while you sleep dreaming while you sleep memories to keep dreaming while you sleep  All my life you lie silently there All my life in a world so unfair All my life and only I'll know why and it will live inside of me, I will never be free all my life, trapped in her memory all my life Till the day that you open your eyes, please open your eyes  Dreaming while you sleep dreaming while you sleep  Heard it on the radio, saw it on TV, but could I take my secret to the grave. If I had another chance, would I do the same. Would I still deny that it was me.  Dreaming while you sleep dreaming while you sleep Dreaming while you sleep, Are you dreaming while you sleep?  All my life I'll be haunted by all my life just one moment in time all my life until the day I die and it will live inside of me Oh I will never be free all my life trapped in her memory all my life Till the day that you open your eyes  All of my life - you lie silently there All my life - in a world so unfair All my life - and only I know why And it will live inside of me I will never be free all my life Trapped in her memory - all my life Till the day that you open your eyes.  All of my life. Just one moment of time, all my life. 
the return of the giant hogweed-Genesis[SEP]Turn and run! Nothing can stop them, Around every river and canal their power is growing. Stamp them out! We must destroy them, They infiltrate each city with their thick dark warning odour.  They are invincible, They seem immune to all our herbicidal battering.  Long ago in the Russian hills, A Victorian explorer found the regal Hogweed by a marsh, He captured it and brought it home. Botanical creature stirs, seeking revenge. Royal beast did not forget. He came home to London, And made a present of the Hogweed to the Royal Gardens at Kew.  Waste no time! They are approaching. Hurry now, we must protect ourselves and find some shelter Strike by night! They are defenceless. They all need the sun to photosensitize their venom.  Still they're invincible, Still they're immune to all our herbicidal battering.  Fashionable country gentlemen had some cultivated wild gardens, In which they innocently planted the Giant Hogweed throughout the land. Botanical creature stirs, seeking revenge. Royal beast did not forget. Soon they escaped, spreading their seed, Preparing for an onslaught, threatening the human race.  The Dance Of The Giant Hogweed  Mighty Hogweed is avenged. Human bodies soon will know our anger. Kill them with your Hogweed hairs HERACLEUM MANTEGAZZIANI  Giant Hogweed lives  - ADVANCE - 
in limbo-Genesis[SEP]Please take me away Far from this place Leaving me here Take me away  To the furthest star in the sky Take me away To the deepest cave of the night Take me away Voices of love, here am I In the sad sad world of fear Take me away From the power of my ambition And I'll be happy  I, I've conquered time Where will I go? Am I still mine? Take me away  To the furthest star in the sky Take me away To the deepest cave of the night Take me away Voices of love, here am I In the sad sad world of fear Take me away From the power of my ambition And I'll be happy  Peace - floating in limbo Limbo - leading me nowhere Peace - now without motion I cry - when will I die? God - where is my soul now? My world, please set me free 
in the wilderness-Genesis[SEP]Leaving all the world to play they disappear And the leaves have gathered dust to run like deer Tearing pieces from our lives to feed the dawn Mist surrounds the seagulls christened by the storm  Music, all I hear is music - guaranteed to please And I look for something else Rain drops pouring down the rooftops Flowing in the drains As the people run their lives As their lives are run by time  Fighting enemies with weapons made to kill Death is easy as a substitute for pride Victors join together, happy in their bed Leaving cold outside the children of the dead  Music, all I hear is music - guaranteed to please And I look for something else Rain drops pouring down the rooftops Flowing in the drains As the people run their lives As their lives are run by time... 
i know what i like (in your wardrobe)-Genesis[SEP]It's one o'clock and time for lunch When the sun beats down and I lie on the bench I can always hear them talk  There's always been Ethel "Jacob, wake up! You've got to tidy your room now" And then Mister Lewis "Isn't it time that he was out on his own?" Over the garden wall, two little lovebirds - cuckoo to you Keep them mowing blades sharp  I know what I like, and I like what I know Getting better in your wardrobe, stepping one beyond your show  Sunday night, Mr Farmer called, said "Listen son, you're wasting time; there's a future for you In the fire escape trade. Come up to town!" But I remembered a voice from the past "Gambling only pays when you're winning" I had to thank old Miss Mort for schooling a failure Keep them mowing blades sharp  I know what I like, and I like what I know Getting better in your wardrobe, stepping one beyond your show  When the sun beats down and I lie on the bench I can always hear them talk Me, I'm just a lawnmower - you can tell me by the way I walk 
silent sun-Genesis[SEP]The silent sun that never shines She is the warmth of my lonely heart The motion of a turning wheel Can't you stop it and look around?  Baby you feel so close I wish you could see my love Baby you've changed my life I'm trying to show you...  A tiny stone that hides from me Can't you see that I'm just outside? A mountain stream that chills the sea Can't you feel in your useless pride?  Baby you feel so close I wish you could see my love Baby you've changed my life I'm trying to show you...  When night reveals a star-filled sky I want to hold it in my hands When snowflakes heal the ugly ground Your beauty hides the joy I've found  Baby you feel so close I wish you could see my love Baby you've changed my life I'm trying to show you... 
domino. part two - the last domino-Genesis[SEP]Blood on the windows Millions of ordinary people are there They gaze at the scenery They act as if it is perfectly clear Take a look at the mountains Take a look at the beautiful river of blood. The liquid surrounds me I fight to rise from this river of hell I stare round about me Children are swimming and playing with boats Their features are changing Their bodies dissolve and I am alone.  Now see what you've gone and done. Now see what you've gone and done.  Well now you never did see such a terrible thing As was seen last night on T.V. Maybe if we're lucky, they will show it again Such a terrible thing to see - oh But there's nothing you can do when you're next in line You've got to go domino.  Now I'm one with the living and I'm feeling just fine I know just what I gotta do Play the game of happiness and never let on That it only lives on in a song - oh Well there's nothing you can do when you're next in line You've got to go domino.  Do you know what you have done? Do you know what you've begun?  In silence and darkness Hold each other near tonight For will it last forever? Will it last forever - forever...  There's nothing you can do when you're the next in line You've got to go domino.  Do you know, do you know, do you know what you have done Do you see what you've begun? Cos there's nothing, nothing, nothing There's nothing you can do, there's nothing you can do Do you see, do you see what you have done? 
invisible touch-Genesis[SEP]Well I've been waiting, waiting here so long But thinking nothing, nothing could go wrong, ooh now I know She has a built in ability To take everything she sees And now it seems I'm falling, falling for her.  She seems to have an invisible touch yeah She reaches in, and grabs right hold of your heart She seems to have an invisible touch yeah It takes control and slowly tears you apart.  Well I don't really know her, I only know her name But she crawls under your skin, you're never quite the same, and now I know She's got something you just can't trust It's something mysterious And now it seems I'm falling, falling for her.  She seems to have an invisible touch yeah She reaches in, and grabs right hold of your heart She seems to have an invisible touch yeah It takes control and slowly tears you apart.  She don't like losing, to her it's still a game And though she will mess up your life, You'll want her just the same, and now I know She has a built in ability To take everything she sees And now it seems I've fallen, fallen for her.  She seems to have an invisible touch yeah She reaches in, and grabs right hold of your heart She seems to have an invisible touch yeah It takes control and slowly tears you apart.  She seems to have an invisible touch... 
here comes the supernatural anaesthetist-Genesis[SEP]Here comes the supernatural anaesthetist. If he wants you to snuff it, All he has to do is puff it -he's such a fine dancer. 
duchess-Genesis[SEP]Times were good, She never thought about the future, she just did what she would Oh but she really cared About her music, it all seemed so important then,  And she dreamed that every time that she performed Everyone would cry for more, That all she had to do was step into the light, And everyone would start to roar.  And on the road, Where all but a few fall by the wayside on the grassier verge, She battled through Against the others in her world, and the sleep, and the odds.  But now everytime that she performed Oh everybody cried for more, Soon all she had to do was step into the light, For everyone to start to roar. And all the people cried, you're the one we've waited for.  Oh but time went by It wasn't so easy now, all uphill, and not feeling so strong. Yes times were hard, Too much thinking 'bout the future and what people might want.  An then there was the time that she performed When nobody called for more And soon everytime she stepped into the light, They really let her know the score. But she dreamed of the times when she sang all her songs And everybody cried for more, When all she had to do was step into the light For everyone to start to roar. And all the people cried, you're the one we've waited for. 
a place to call my own-Genesis[SEP]And I've nearly found a place to call my own  Waking gently feel her presence near Devil shattered, warmth is everywhere I am only a child of hers, my guardian goddess Now, I'm reaching my journey's end inside her womb And I think I've found a place to call my own 
dusk-Genesis[SEP]See my hand is moving Touching all that's real And once it stroked love's body Now it claws the past  The scent of a flower The colours of the morning Friends to believe in Tears soon forgotten See how the rain drives away, another day  If a leaf has fallen Does the tree lie broken? And if we draw some water Does the well run dry?  The sigh of a mother The screaming of lovers Like two angry tigers They tear at each other See how for him lifetime's fears disappear  Once Jesus suffered Heaven could not see him And now my ship is sinking The captain stands alone  A pawn on a chessboard A false move by God will now destroy me But wait, on the horizon A new dawn seems to be rising Never to recall this passerby, born to die 
in the rapids-Genesis[SEP]Moving down the water John is drifting out of sight It's only at the turning point That you find out how ya fight  In the cold, feel the cold all around And the rush of crashing water Surrounds me with its sound  Striking out to reach you I can't get through to the other side When you're racing in the rapids There's only one way, that's to ride  Taken down, taken down By the undertow I'm spiralled down the river bed My fire is burning low  Catching hold of a rock that's firm I'm waiting for John to be carried past We hold together, hold together And shoot the rapids fast  And when the waters slow down The dark and the deep Have no-one no-one no-one no-one No-one left to keep Hang on John! We're out of this at last Something's changed, that's not your face It's mine! It's mine! 
say you, say me-Lionel Richie[SEP]Say "you", say "me", Say it for always. That's the way it should be. Say "you", say "me", Say it together, naturally.  I had a dream, I had an awesome dream: People in the park Playing games in the dark. And what they played Was a masquerade. From behind the walls of doubt A voice was crying out,  Say "you", say "me", Say it for always. That's the way it should be. Say "you", say "me", Say it together, naturally.  As we go down Life's lonesome highway, Seems the hardest thing to do Is to find a friend or two. That helping hand, Someone who understands That when you feel you lost your way You've got someone there to say. I'll show you.  Say "you", say "me", Say it for always. Oh, that's the way it should be. Say "you", say "me", Say it together, naturally.  So, you think you know the answers. Oh, no. Well, the whole world's got you dancing. That's right. I'm telling you. It's time to start believing. Oh, yes. Believing who you are. You are a shining star.  Say "you", say "me", Say it for always. Oh, that's the way it should be. Say "you", say "me", Say it together, naturally.  Say it together, naturally. 
shake you down-Gregory Abbott[SEP]Oh, yeah  Girl, I've been watching you From so far across the floor now, baby That's nothing new I've watched you so many times before now, baby  I see that look in your eyes (look in your eyes) And what it's telling me And you know, oh girl, that I'm not shy I'm glad you picked up on my telepathy, now baby  (You read my mind) you know you did (Girl, I wanna shake you down) well, oh well (I can give you all the loving you need) I'm gonna love you (Come on, let me take you down) oh, baby (We'll go all the way to heaven)  Oh, I've been missing you And the way you make me feel inside What can I do? I can tell you've got your pride now, baby  (Oh) come to me, well oh well (won't you come to me) Let me ease your mind, oh babe I've got the remedy, huh, yes I do Now give me just a little time  (You read my mind) (Girl, I wanna shake you down) I wanna rock you down (I can give you all the loving you need) I'm gonna love you (Come on, let me take you down) well, oh well (We'll go all the way to heaven)  Girl, I've been missing you And you know, it's funny Every time I get to feelin' this way I wish I had you near me I wanna reach out and touch you  I can't stop thinking of the things we do The way you call me, baby, when I'm holding you I shake and I shiver when I know your near Then you whisper in my ear Oh baby, well, oh well  (You read my mind) you know you did (Girl, I wanna shake you down) oh, baby (I can give you all the loving you need) aah (loving you'll need) (Come on, let me take you down) well, oh well (We'll go all the way to heaven)  Eenie, meenie, minie, moe (you read my mind) Come on, girl, let's start the show (girl, I wanna shake you down) Aah, yeah (I can give you all the loving you need) Roses are red and violets are blue I'm gonna rock this town for you (come on, let me take you down) Hey, baby (we'll go all the way to heaven)  Come on, sugar, let me shake you down I'm gonna take you down to the ground I shake and I shiver when I know you're near Come on, baby, whisper in my ear  Come on, sugar, let me shake you down I'm gonna take you down to the ground I shake and I shiver when I know you're near Come on, baby, whisper in my ear 
that's what i like-Bruno Mars[SEP]Hey, hey, hey I got a condo in Manhattan Baby girl, what's hatnin'? You and your ass invited So gon' and get to clappin' Go pop it for a player Pop, pop it for me Turn around and drop it for a player Drop, drop it for me I'll rent a beach house in Miami Wake up with no jammies (Nope) Lobster tail for dinner Julio serve that scampi (Julio!) You got it if you want it Got, got it if you want it Said you got it if you want it Take my wallet if you want it now  Jump in the Cadillac, girl, let's put some miles on it Anything you want, just to put a smile on it You deserve it baby, you deserve it all And I'm gonna give it to you  Gold jewelry shining so bright Strawberry champagne on ice Lucky for you, that's what I like, that's what I like Lucky for you, that's what I like, that's what I like Sex by the fire at night Silk sheets and diamonds all white Lucky for you, that's what I like, that's what I like Lucky for you, that's what I like, that's what I like  I'm talkin' trips to Puerto Rico Say the word and we go You can be my freaka Girl, I'll be a fleeko, mamacita I will never make a promise that I can't keep I promise that your smile ain't gon' never leave Shopping sprees in Paris Everything 24 karats Take a look in that mirror Now tell me who's the fairest Is it you? (is it you?) Is it me? (is it me?) Say it's us (say it's us) and I'll agree, baby  Jump in the Cadillac, girl, let's put some miles on it Anything you want, just to put a smile on it You deserve it baby, you deserve it all And I'm gonna give it to you  Gold jewelry shining so bright Strawberry champagne on ice Lucky for you, that's what I like, that's what I like Lucky for you, that's what I like, that's what I like Sex by the fire at night Silk sheets and diamonds all white Lucky for you, that's what I like, that's what I like Lucky for you, that's what I like, that's what I like  [Bridge] If you say you want a good time Well here I am baby, here I am baby Talk to me, talk to me, talk to me Tell me what's on your mind (what's on your mind) If you want it, girl come and get it All this is here for you Tell me, baby, tell me, tell me, baby What you tryna do  Gold jewelry shining so bright Strawberry champagne on ice Lucky for you, that's what I like, that's what I like Lucky for you, that's what I like, that's what I like Sex by the fire at night (Sex by the fire at night) Silk sheets and diamonds all white Lucky for you, that's what I like, that's what I like Lucky for you, that's what I like, that's what I like 
no one-Alicia Keys[SEP]I just want you close Where you can stay forever You can be sure That it will only get better  You and me together Through the days and nights I don't worry 'cause Everything's gonna be alright People keep talking they can say what they like But all I know is everything's gonna be alright  No one, no one, no one Can get in the way of what I'm feeling No one, no one, no one Can get in the way of what I feel for you, you, you Can get in the way of what I feel for you  When the rain is pouring down And my heart is hurting You will always be around This I know for certain  You and me together Through the days and nights I don't worry 'cause Everything's gonna be alright People keep talking they can say what they like But all I know is everything's gonna be alright  No one, no one, no one Can get in the way of what I'm feeling No one, no one, no one Can get in the way of what I feel for you, you, you Can get in the way of what I feel  I know some people search the world To find something like what we have I know people will try, try to divide, something so real So till the end of time I'm telling you there ain't no one  No one, no one Can get in the way of what I'm feeling No one, no one, no one Can get in the way of what I feel for you  Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh, oh, oh, oh, ohh Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh, oh, oh, oh, ohh 
if i ain't got you-Alicia Keys[SEP]Some people live for the fortune Some people live just for the fame Some people live for the power, yeah Some people live just to play the game  Some people think that the physical things Define what's within And I've been there before But that life's a bore So full of the superficial  Some people want it all But I don't want nothing at all If it ain't you, baby If I ain't got you, baby Some people want diamond rings Some just want everything But everything means nothing If I ain't got you, yeah  Some people search for a fountain That promises forever young Some people need three dozen roses And that's the only way to prove you love them  Hand me the world on a silver platter And what good would it be With no one to share With no one who truly cares for me  Some people want it all But I don't want nothing at all If it ain't you, baby If I ain't got you, baby Some people want diamond rings Some just want everything But everything means nothing If I ain't got you, you, you  Some people want it all But I don't want nothing at all If it ain't you, baby If I ain't got you, baby Some people want diamond rings Some just want everything But everything means nothing If I ain't got you, yeah  If I ain't got you with me, baby So nothing in this whole wide world don't mean a thing If I ain't got you with me, baby 
fallin'-Alicia Keys[SEP]I keep on fallin' In and out of love With you Sometimes I love ya Sometimes you make me blue Sometimes I feel good At times I feel used Lovin you darlin' Makes me so confused  I keep on Fallin' In and out of love with you I never loved someone The way that I love you  Oh, oh, I never felt this way How do you give me so much pleasure And cause me so much pain Just when I think I've taken more than would a fool I start fallin' back in love with you  I keep on Fallin' In and out of love with you I never loved someone The way that I love you  Oh baby I, I, I, I'm fallin' I, I, I, I'm fallin' Fall  I keep on Fallin' In and out of love with you I never loved someone The way that I love you  I keep on Fallin' In and out of love with you I never loved someone The way that I love you  I keep on Fallin' In and out of love with you I never loved someone The way that I love you  What? 
the end of the world-Skeeter Davis[SEP]Why does the sun go on shining? Why does the sea rush to shore? Don't they know it's The End of the World Cause you don't love me any more  Why do the birds go on singing? Why do the stars glow above? Don't they know it's The End of the World It ended when I lost your love  I wake up in the morning and I wonder Why everything's the same as it was I can't understand, no, I can't understand How life goes on the way it does  Why does my heart go on beating Why do these eyes of mine cry Don't they know it's the end of the world It ended when you said goodbye  Why does my heart go on beating Why do these eyes of mine cry Don't they know it's the end of the world It ended when you said goodbye 
welcome to my nightmare-Alice Cooper[SEP]Welcome to my nightmare, I think you're gonna like it, I think you're gonna feel you belong. A nocturnal vacation, unnecessary sedation, you want to feel at home 'cause you belong. Welcome to my nightmare whoa, ho, ho, ho...  Welcome to my breakdown. I hope I didn't scare you. That's just the way we are when we come down. We sweat and laugh and scream here. 'Cause life is just a dream here. You know inside you feel right at home, here. Yeah, Welcome to my nightmare yeah, hey, hey, hey...  Welcome to my nightmare! I think you're gonna like it! I think you're gonna feel you belong! We sweat and laugh and scream here! 'Cause life is just a dream here! You know inside you feel right at home, here!  Welcome to my nightmare hoo, hoo, woo, hoo... Welcome to my breakdown...  Yeah! 
(no more) love at your convenience-Alice Cooper[SEP]Your childish game is over now. Lost your power over night some how. Better see it ain't gonna be like it used to be. No more love at your convenience. No more love at your command. No more love at your convenience. Lots of time late at night, I really needed you. I'm telling you tonight's the night. Close your mouth; turn off the light. Pull me babe. Pull me down closer on you. No more love at your convenience. No more love at your command. No more love at your convenience. Lots of time late at night, I really needed you. I really needed you. I really needed you. No more love at your convenience. No more love at your command. No more love at your convenience. Quit your tears and dry your eyes. You know I hate to see you cry. Don't you see, things gotta be what they got to. No more love at your convenience. No more love at your convenience. No more love at your convenience. No more love at me. And oh, that music, I hate those lyrics. It stayed inside me so long. And I swear to you I never wrote that song. But pardon me, I'm not lookin' for sympathy, Not sympathy. I'm just thinking out loud. the melody, it goes nowhere pointlessly. Silence please. I been livin' in my own shell so long... the only place I ever feel at home. And oh, that music, I hate those lyrics. It stayed inside me so long. And I swear to you I never. 
no longer umpire-Alice Cooper[SEP]We've been so caught up in the subject of personnel Playing and acting and slaving and bathing oursleves Her lies and her tries to come over everyone Painting a picture to show everyone in the world Fearing is natural new names and places can bring Build ups and barriers hiding behind everything Her lies and her tries to come over everyone Painting a picture to show everyone in the world Aah aah aah aah aah aah aaaah 
my god-Alice Cooper[SEP]If I should find myself in blackest night, and fear is stabbin' me all over, a tiny prayer cracks the dark with light, and I here sounds behind my wall. Inside, a still, small voice, it calls and calls. Then like a thunder bolt, it falls and falls... My God! When life becomes more real than children's games, or we've become too old to play them, We'll grow old gracefully, we'll hide our shame. but there's that voice behind the wall. And like my conscience, it is still and small. Each word is mercy, protects us all... My God! "And like my conscience, it is still and small. Each word is mercy, protects us all..." I was a boy, when tempted, fell sometimes, and fell so low, no one could see me, save for the eyes of Him that sees my crime. When sheep, like me, have drifted lost, all frightened children who are tempest tossed, down flies His wrath like an albatross... My God! 
ubangi stomp-Alice Cooper[SEP]Well, I rocked over Italy and I rocked over Spain. I rocked in Memphis; it was all the same till I rocked to Africa. I rolled off the ship. I seem them natives doin' an odd looking skip. I parted the weeds and I looked over the swamp, and I seen them cats doin' the Ubangi Stomp. Ubangi Stomp is a rock and roll. It beats anything that's ever been told. Ubangi Stomp, Ubangi style; when it kicks, it drives a cool cat wild. Well I looked up the chief; he invited me in. He said, "A heap big jam session's 'bout to begin." I grabbed up a tom and I picked up the beat. That crazy thing sent shivers to my feet. I rocked and I rolled and I skipped with a smile. I did the Ubangi Stomp with a Ubangi style. Well, we rocked all night and part of the day. Had a good, rock-in' time with the chief's daughter Mae. I'm makin' good time and I'm gettin' in the know when the captain said, "Son, we've gotta go." I said, "That's all right. You go right ahead. I'm gonna Ubangi Stomp till I roll over dead." Ubangi Stomp is a rock and roll. It beats anything that's ever been told. Ubangi Stomp, Ubangi style; when it kicks, it drives a cool cat wild. Ubangi Stomp, thank you. 
ballad of dwight fry-Alice Cooper[SEP]Mommy, where's daddy? He's been gone for so long. Do you think he'll ever come home?  I was gone for fourteen days I coulda been gone for more Held up in the intensive care ward Lyin' on the floor  I was gone for all those days But I was not all alone I made friends with a lot of people In the danger zone  See my lonely life unfold I see it everyday See my only mind explode Since I've gone away  I think I lost some weight there And I-I'm sure I need some rest Sleepin' don't come very easy In a straight white vest  Should like to see that little children She's only four years old... old I'd give her back all of her playthings Even even the ones I stole  See my lonely life unfold I see it everyday See my lonely mind explode When I've gone insane  I wanna get outta here I wanna get outta here I-I've gotta I've gotta get outta here I-I gotta get out of here  I gotta get out of here I gotta get outta here I gotta get outta here  Ya gotta let me out of here Let me outta here I gotta get outta here I gotta get outta here  See my lonely life unfold I see it everyday See my only mind explode Blow up in my face  I grabbed my hat and I got my coat And I-I ran into the street I saw a man that was choking there I guess he couldn't breathe  Said to myself this is very strange I'm glad it wasn't me But now I hear those sirens callin' And so I am not free  I didn't wanna be I didn't wanna be I didn't wanna be  See my lonely life unfold (I didn't wanna be Leave me alone I didn't wanna be Don't touch me) See my lonely mind explode When I've gone insane 
caught in a dream-Alice Cooper[SEP]Well I'm runnin' through the world with a gun in my back tryin' to catch a ride in a cadillac Thought that I was livin' but you can't really tell been tryin' to get away from that success smell You know I need a houseboat and I need a plane I need a butler and a trip to Spain I need everything the world owes me I tell that to myself and I agree I'm caught in a dream so what you don't know what I'm goin' through I'm right in between so I'll I'll just play along with you Well I'm runnin' through the world with a gun in my back tryin' to catch a ride in that cadillac Thought I was livin' but you can't never tell what I thought was heaven turned out to be hell Whoa whoa when you see me with a smile on my face Whoa whoa then you'll know I'm a mental case whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa I'm caught in a dream so what I don't know what I'm going through I'm right in between so I'll I'll just play along with you Whoa whoa ooh ooh ooh aah aah aah aah oo oo oo oo oo oo 
how you gonna see me now-Alice Cooper[SEP][Alice Cooper / Bernie Taupin / Dick Wagner]  Dear darlin' surprised to hear from me? Bet you're sittin' drinkin' coffee,  yawnin' sleepily Just to let you know I'm gonna be home soon I'm kinda awkward and afraid Time has changed your point of view  [Chorus:] How you gonna see me now Please don't see me ugly babe 'Cause I know I let you down In oh so many ways How you gonna see me now Since we've been on our own Are you gonna love the man When the man gets home  Listen darlin' now I'm heading for the west Straightened out my head but my old heart is still a mess Yes I'm worried honey Guess that's natural though It's like I'm waiting for a welcome sign Like a hobo in the snow  [Chorus]  And just like the first time We're just strangers again I might have grown out of style In the place I've been And just like the first time I'll be shakin' inside When I walk in the door There'll be no place to hide  [Chorus] 
a bedtime story-Alice Cooper[SEP]Lay  still,  steven,  and  I'll tell you a bedtime story. I'll tell you a bedtime  story  that's  not  for all children. It's a very special story, that only special children will understand. It's a half aware story, and it will be better  if you close your eyes. It's a story that takes place in a dream, like other  nightmares you have known. It's a dream that Alice has dreamed. You can dream  along with him. You can follow Alice down the staircase, deep, down the stairs to the pit where he doesn't want to go, but he has to.  If  you  go  to  sleep  now, Steven, you can go down the long and endless staircase  and  sing sweet song to Alice and free him. And if you can't get to sleep,  Steven  and the middle of night you get out of bed, when everything is quiet  and the trees are still and the birds are hiding from the dark, you can lay  down  on  your bedroom floor and press your ear tightly to the boards. If you  listen very carefully you can hear Alice searching for a way out, forever chasing rainbows.  Sleep tight, Steven. And have a good night. 
muscle of love-Alice Cooper[SEP]Who's the Queen of the lockeroom? Who's the cream of the crop? Joey took her to the matine (Joey took her to the matinee) Thank God she wouldn't stop (Said "God, she wouldn't stop")  Holy muscle of love, my heart's a muscle  Well I must have gone to their crazy head, (well it must have gone to their crazy head) Where everything is hot. Cuz I don't know if the things I'm thinkin' I know the thoughts are not (are normal thoughts or not).  Holy muscle of love, my heart's a muscle  I read Dad's books like I did before, Now things are crystal clear. Lock the door in the bathroom now, I just can't get caught in here.  I got a muscle of love Holy muscle of love My heart's a muscle of love Holy muscle of love I got a muscle of love Yeah Must be a gift from above 
years ago-Alice Cooper[SEP]Here I go again up and down alone all my friends went home years ago All my toys are broken and so am I inside mom the carnival has closed years ago ooh I'm a little boy no I'm a great big man no let's be a little boy For a little while longer maybe an hour no Steven we have to go back now Isn't that our mom calling Steven Steven Steven come home Steven come home 
thrill my gorilla-Alice Cooper[SEP]Sukie honey, we're gonna turn back the clock To a time when we danced to volcanic rock We loved to hunt and kill That's how we used to be We drank the blood we spilled And growled at our enemies Where were you when the monkey hit the fan Thrill my gorilla Where were you when monkey turned to man Thrill my gorilla Sukie honey, weren't you right there with me I seem to remember chasing you from tree to tree Those prehistoric nights are coming back to me We must have been the first To go down in history Where were you when the monkey hit the fan Thrill my gorilla Where were you when monkey turned to man Thrill my gorilla We lay on our skins, original sins Ah, ah, ah, ah yeah We touch, we feel We scream, we squeal Thrill my gorilla Thrill my gorilla Where were you when the monkey hit the fan Thrill my gorilla Where were you when monkey turned to man Thrill my gorilla 
escape-Alice Cooper[SEP]Paint on my cruel or happy face and hide me behind it It takes me inside another place where no one can find it Escape I get out when I can I escape anytime I can It's all escape I'm crying in my beer come on let's escape just get me out of here Don't get me wrong don't get me right I'm not like you are When I get home from work at night I'm blacker and bluer So I escape I get out when I can escape anytime I can It's all escape I'm crying in my beer escape just get me out of here But where am I running to there's no place to go Just put on my make up and get me to the show yeah escape Yeah what are you waitin' for My doctor said just come around you'll be taken care of And in while he ran my problems down I stole his mascara That's how I escape I get out when I can I escape anytime I can I escape I'm crying in my beer it's escape just get me out of here Escape let's get out while we can it's escape anywhere we can Come on it's escape nobody wants us around here anyway Escape what are you waitin' for escape escape I escape Come on darling let's escape escape escape escape escape I gotta get out of here I gotta get out of here I gotta get out of here 
i'm always chasing rainbows-Alice Cooper[SEP]At the end of the rainbow there's happiness And to find it how often I've tried But my life is a race Just a wild goose chase And my dreams have all been denied Why have I always been a failure What can the reason be I wonder if the world's to blame I wonder if it could be me I'm always chasing rainbows, watching clouds drifting by My schemes are just like all my dreams Ending in the sky Some fellows look and find the sunshine I always look and find the rain And some fellows make a winning sometime And I never even make a gain I'm always chasing rainbows waiting to find the little bluebird in vain 
be my lover-Alice Cooper[SEP]She struts into the room well I don't know her but with a magnifying glance I just sort of looked her over hmm We had a drink or two well maybe three and then suddenly she starts telling me her life story She says baby if you wanna be my lover you better take me home 'cause it's a long long way to paradise and I'm still on my own Told her that I came from Detroit city and I played guitar in a long haired rock and roll band She asked me why the singer's name was Alice I said listen baby you really wouldn't understand And I said baby if you wanna be my lover you better take me home 'cause it's a long long way to paradise and I'm still on my own on my own Oh baby if you wanna be my lover you better take me home 'cause it's a long long way to paradise and I'm still on my own oh 
reflected-Alice Cooper[SEP]Look upstanding with your head held high you will be reflected You look outstanding with your eyes in disguise just beyond your glasses Holy how he would keep it's devine I'm surely glad I'm surely over town And even though I'm you will always here Very rarely worry almost constantly could you be receptive Our life's outstanding in a shower please wet my skins a plenty Baby what a day I love our town I'm surely glad I'm surely all around And even since I knew it all so clear You will be reflected you will be reflected you will be reflected You will be reflected you will be reflected reflected 
killer-Alice Cooper[SEP]What did I do to deserve such a fate I didn't really want to get involved in this thing Someone handed me this gun and I I gave it everything yeah I gave it everything I came into this life looked all around I saw just what I liked and took what I found Nothing came easy nothing came free nothing came at all until they came after me yeah hey yeah What did I do to deserve such a fate I gave it everything now I need to escape Someone near to me calling my name I gave it everything I gave it everything 
grim facts-Alice Cooper[SEP]The boy's got problems The boy's got stress The boys' a .38 hidden in his desk The boy's got a chickie With four months to go Grim Facts - every parent better know  The girl's a deadly teaser Wants to do a private show She's got a hundred thousand fantasies She wants the band to know She likes to brush across my Levis She likes to watch him grow Grim Facts - every parent better know Grim Facts - every parent better know  Red lights Gang fights Brewing in the heat Cop cars Gay bars On your precious street That ain't so neat  Sister's on the street now Looking for some Joe Only got about an hour To pay for her new nose She gets a hundred for her body A nickel for her soul These are grim facts - every parent better know Grim facts - every parent better know  Red lights Gang fights Brewing in the heat Cop cars Gay bars On your precious street That ain't so neat  And I'm feeling itchy Got a fire down below I'm a walkin' loaded time bomb Just about to blow Tries to slide inside my pockets But it's strictly SRO Grim facts - every parent better know Grim facts - every parent better know  Red lights Gang fights Brewing in the heat Cop cars Gay bars On your precious street That ain't so neat  Mmm Grim facts, you know, growing all the time Mmm Grim facts, real grim Yeah. 
from the inside-Alice Cooper[SEP][Alice Cooper / Bernie Taupin / Dick Wagner / David Foster]  I got lost on the road somewhere Was it Texas or was it Canada Drinking whiskey in the morning light I work the stage all night long At first we laughed about it My long haired drunken friends Proposed a toast to Jimmy's ghost I never dreamed that I would wind up on the losing end  I'm stuck here on the inside looking out I'm just another case Where's my makeup where's my face on the inside  All got your kicks from what you saw up there Eight bucks even buys a folding chair I was downing seagrams on another flight And I worked that stage all night long You were screaming for the villain up there And I was much obliged The old road sure screwed me good this time It's hard to see where the vicious circle ends  I'm stuck here on the inside looking out That's no big disgrace Where's my makeup where's my face on the inside 
lay down and die, goodbye-Alice Cooper[SEP]You are the only censor if you don't like what I say you have a choice you can turn me off If you don't like what I say you have a choice you can turn me off Well I've written home to mother the ink ran from my tear I said momma momma please tell me why you brought me here 
american woman-Guess Who[SEP]Uh!  American woman, stay away from me American woman, mama, let me be Don't come a-hangin' around my door I don't wanna see your face no more I got more important things to do Than spend my time growin' old with you Now woman, I said stay away American woman, listen what I say  American woman, get away from me American woman, mama, let me be Don't come a-knockin' around my door Don't wanna see your shadow no more Coloured lights can hypnotize Sparkle someone else's eyes Now woman, I said get away American woman, listen what I say, hey  American woman, said get away American woman, listen what I say Don't come a-hangin' around my door Don't wanna see your face no more I don't need your war machines I don't need your ghetto scenes Coloured lights can hypnotize Sparkle someone else's eyes Now woman, get away from me American woman, mama, let me be  Go, gotta get away, gotta get away Now go go go I'm gonna leave you, woman Gonna leave you, woman Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye You're no good for me I'm no good for you Gonna look you right in the eye Tell you what I'm gonna do You know I'm gonna leave You know I'm gonna go You know I'm gonna leave You know I'm gonna go, woman I'm gonna leave ya, woman Goodbye, American woman... 
my sharona-Knack[SEP]Hoo, my little pretty one, my pretty one When you gonna give me some time, Sharona? Hoo, you make my motor run, my motor run Gun it comin' off of the line, Sharona  Never gonna stop, give it up, such a dirty mind I always get it up for the touch of the younger kind My, my, my, aye-aye, woo!  M-m-m-my Sharona  Come a little closer, huh, a-will ya, huh? Close enough to look in my eyes, Sharona Keepin' it a mystery, it gets to me Runnin' down the length of my thigh, Sharona  Never gonna stop, give it up, such a dirty mind I always get it up for the touch of the younger kind My, my, my, aye-aye, woo!  M-m-m-my Sharona M-m-m-my Sharona (Yeah!)  When you gonna give to me, g-give to me Is it just a matter of time, Sharona? Is it d-d-destiny, d-destiny Or is it just a game in my mind, Sharona?  Never gonna stop, give it up, such a dirty mind I always get it up for the touch of the younger kind My, my, my, aye-aye, woo! M-m-m-m-m-m-m-my, my, my, aye-aye, woo!  M-m-m-my Sharona M-m-m-my Sharona M-m-m-my Sharona M-m-m-my Sharona  Hoooooo-ohhh, my Sharona Hoooooo-ohhh, my Sharona Hoooooo-ohhh, my Sharona 
come back baby-Aretha Franklin[SEP]Oh come back, baby Oh baby please dont go, yeah 'Cause the way I love you You'll never know  Come back baby Let's talk it over Yeah, one more time, oh yeah  Well I admit, baby That I was wrong Don't you know, baby You been gone too long  Come back baby Let's talk it over Yeah, yeah, one more time Oh yeah  One of these days, baby And It won't be long, yeah You gonna look for me child you know And I'll be gone  So come back baby, yeah yeah Let's talk it over One more, one more, one more time One more time  Say If I could holler Like a mountain jack Yeah yeah oh people I'd call my baby back  Come back baby Let's talk it over Oh, one more time Yeah, one more time, hey  Come back baby Let's talk it over Oh, one more time Yeah, one more time, hey  One more time One more time One more time One more time 
baby, baby, baby-Aretha Franklin[SEP]Baby, baby, baby, this is just to say How much I'm gonna miss you, but believe, while I'm away... That I didn't mean to hurt you; Don't you know that I'd rather hurt myself? (I'd hurt myself, I'd hurt myself...)  Baby, baby, baby (baby), think of me sometimes (baby); Because if loving you was so wrong (baby), then I'm guilty of this crime... (Guilty, I'm guilty, I'm guilty...) I'm bewildered, I'm lonely, and I'm loveless, Without you to hold my hand (Reach out for me, boy...); If you'd just understand... (Reach out to me, right now...)  Those that we love, we foolishly make cry, Then sometimes feel it's best to say goodbye, goodbye... But what's inside can't be denied; The power (power of love), power of love (power of love) is my only guide... Baby! (Oh...), Baby! (Oh...) Baby (Oh...), baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, this is just to say Just how much I'm really gonna miss you, but believe, while I'm away, (I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you...) That I really didn't mean, I didn't mean, I didn't mean to hurt you; Don't you know that, that I'd rather hurt myself? (I'd hurt myself...)  Baby... I need you, I need you, I need you (I need you, I need you, I need you...) If I did you wrong, if I did you wrong... (I'd hurt myself...) I need you, I need you, I need you (I need you, I need you, I need you...) If I did you wrong... (I'd hurt myself...) 
laughing on the outside-Aretha Franklin[SEP]The crowd sees me out dancing Carefree and romancing Oh, I’m happy with my someone new I’m laughing on the outside Crying on the inside ‘Cause I’m still in love with you  They see me night and daytime Oh, I’m having such a gay time But they don’t know what I go through I’m laughing on the outside Crying on the inside ‘Cause I’m still in love with you  No one knows it’s just a pose Pretending I’m glad we’re apart And when I cry, my eyes are dry Oh, but the tears are in my heart  So darling, can’t we make up? Ever, ever since our breakup Make believe is all I do I’m laughing on the outside Crying on the inside ‘Cause I’m still in love with you  I’m still laughing on the outside But everyday I’m crying on the inside Because I’m still, still in love with you 
you and me-Aretha Franklin[SEP](You and me) will always be joined together for eternity; (You and me) will always be joined together for eternity...  We've got each other's love and understanding, And that's what it takes to make love grow... We've got our strength, and our love for all mankind, But most of all, we've got peace of mind...  I know people are gonna try and knock us down, But we're gonna be strong, ain't gon' let nobody turn us around!  (You and me) will always be joined together for eternity, yeah, now; (You and me) will always be joined together for eternity...  You know temptation, it works on us too, But we're too strong to let it get us down... I've got your love, baby, and you've got mine, And the Lord knows we're gonna be together 'til the end of time, hey, hey...  I know people are gonna try to knock us down, But we're gonna be strong, ain't gon' let nobody turn us around, oh!  (You and me) will always be joined together for eternity; (You and me) will always be joined together for eternity...  (You and me will always be joined together for eternity; You and me will always be joined together for eternity...) 
sweet bitter love-Aretha Franklin[SEP]I talked to you today, we've loved each other For so long in that special way And if circumstances should keep us apart I just want you to know That you will remain forever here in my heart  Sweet, sweet bitter love The taste still lingers, going through my helpless fingers You slipped away, ooh, yes you did  Sweet, sweet bitter love, what joy you told me What pain you didn't mean to but you brought me And so sure, baby and so sure to stay  Our magic dreams have lost their spells And where there, where there was hope Oh, there's an, an empty shell  Oh, sweet, na na na, na na na, na na, bitter love Why have you awaken and then forsaken A trusting heart like mine  My magic, my magic dreams They've all, they've all, all lost their spells And where there, where I had a little bit of hope Yes sir, there is, oh look at me now, there is an empty shell  Oh, sweet, na na na, na na na, na na, bitter love Why have you awakened and then And then and then and then and then you know, you have forsaken A trusting heart, yeah like mine, a trusting heart like mine I love you boy, yes I do, like mine 
pullin'-Aretha Franklin[SEP]Everyone knew but me, that soon you would be callin' it off and gone; Everyone pitied me, had so much sympathy - They didn't think I'd be strong...  Oh, I'm... Oh, I'm pullin' on...  (Pullin'!) Yeah! (Movin'!) I'm movin' on... (I'm... pullin'!) Pullin' on! (Movin'!) Pullin' on in...  If I'd meant to you what you lead me to believin', baby, you wouldn't be gone, no... Turned your back on me (freezin'!), just as cold as you can be... (yeah!) I ain't been sittin' here all alone...  Baby, cause I'm... Hey, I'm pullin' on... (Pullin'!) Yeah... (Movin'!) And I'm movin'... (I'm... pullin'!) Oh, yes I am! (Movin'!) Movin' on... (Pullin'! Pullin'! Pullin'! Pullin'!)  (I'm pullin' harder and harder... I'm movin' higher and higher... I'm pullin' harder and harder...)  Oh, I'm... (pullin'!) I'm pullin' on! (Movin'!) Movin' on in... (I'm... pullin'!) Pullin' on! (Movin') Movin'!  So glad I'm free, found a man for me - Let me tell you while you're movin' on: Instead of beggin' you, I should have helped you pack your bags and move along! Oh, cause..  Oh, cause I'm... (pullin'!) pullin' on... (Movin'!) Movin' on in! (I'm... pullin'!) Oh, oh, no! (Movin'!) Movin'...  (Movin'! Higher! Pullin'! Harder!) (Movin'!) Higher! (Higher!) Movin'! (Pullin'!) Pullin'! (Harder!) Harder! (Movin'!) Pullin'! (Higher!) Higher! (Pullin'!) Pullin'! (Harder!) Harder! (Movin'!) Pullin'! (Higher!) Higher! (Pullin'!) Movin'! (Harder!) Harder! (Movin'!) Pullin'! (Higher!) Higher! (Pullin'!) Movin'! (Harder!) Harder! (Movin'!) Movin'... (Higher!) higher. (Pullin'!) Pullin'... (Harder!) harder. (Movin'!) Yeah... (Higher!) pullin'... (Pullin'!) harder... (Harder!) and higher... (Movin'!) Harder... (Higher!) higher... (Pullin'!) pullin'... (Harder!) movin'... (Movin'!) Pullin'! (Higher!) Harder! (Pullin'!) Pullin'! (Harder!) Higher! (Movin'!) Movin'! (Higher!) Higher! (Pullin'!) Higher! (Harder!) Higher! (Movin'!) Higher! (Higher!) Yeah! (Pullin'!) Yeah! (Harder!) Yeah! (Movin'!) Go 'head! (Higher!) Higher! (Pullin'!) Yeah! (Harder!) Go 'head, high! (Movin'! Higher! Pullin'!) Pullin'... (Harder!) Harder... (Movin'!) Movin'... (Higher!) Harder... (Pullin'!) Pullin'... (Harder!) higher... (Movin'! Higher!) Movin', hey, higher... (Pullin'!)  Pullin'... (Harder!) harder... (Movin'!) Harder... (Higher!) Harder... (Pullin'!) Well. 
the night time is the right time-Aretha Franklin[SEP]You know the night time, darling (night and day) Is the right time (night and day) To be (night and day) With the one you love, now (night and day)  Say now oh baby (night and day) When I come home baby, now (night and day) I wanna be with the one I love, now (night and day) You know what I'm thinking of (night and day)  I know the night time (night and day, oh) Whoa, is the right time (night and day, oh) To be with the one you love, now (night and day) I said to be with the one you love (night and day)  You know my mother, now (night and day) Had to die, now (night and day) Umm, and my father (night and day) Well he broke down and cry (night and day)  Whoah! whoa baby (night and day) When I come home baby now (night and day) I want you to hold my hand (night and day) Yeah, tight as you can (night and day)  I know the night time (night and day, oh) Whoah is the right time (night and day, oh) To be with the one you love (night and day) You know what I'm thinking of (night and day)  Whoah! sing your song, Margie  Baby (night and day) Baby (night and day) Baby (night and day) Oh, Baby (night and day)  Do I love you? (night and day) No one above you (night and day) Hold me tight (night and day) And make everything all right (night and day)  Because the night time (night and day) Oh, is the right time (night and day) To be with the one you love now (night and day) Oh yeah (night and day)  Tease me (night and day) Squeeze me (night and day) Leave me (night and day) Ah, don't leave me (night and day)  Lawdy baby (night and day) Take my hand, now (night and day) I don't need (night and day) No other man (night and day)  Because the night time (night and day) Ow, is the right time (night and day)  To be with the one you love (night and day) Oh yeah (night and day)  I said baby (night and day) Baby (night and day) Baby (night and day) Baby (night and day) Whoah! baby now (night and day)  Oh come on baby (night and day) You know I want you by my side (night and day) I want you to keep (night and day) Oh keep me satisfied (night and day)  I know the night time (night and day) Everyday is the right time (night and day) Yeah to be with the one you love now (night and day)  Well you know it's all right 
when the battle is over-Aretha Franklin[SEP]One more time you hurt me You thought you you had your victory One more reason For you to worry Cause you got the best of me You should never count your chickens Before you eggs get hatched I believe it, mm,  To my soul You finally met your match  Tell me now When this battle is over Who will wear the crown When this battle is over Who will wear the crown  Who it will be Who it will be  Will it be you Will it be me  Tell me now – Who will wear the crown yeah yeah Ever time I kiss ya I feel I get the upper hand I want you ooo to surrender And tell me ya gon' be my man A slip of the lip has been known to sink a ship And I believe I believe I believe to my soul I finally got a winner's slip  When this battle is over, I wonder Who will wear the crown  When this battle is over Who will wear the crown  Who it will be Who it will be  Will it be you Will it be me  Yeah, Tell me know – Who will wear the crown When this battle is over Who be wearin'  this crown When this battle is over Oh when its over children When this battle is over Yeaaah when its over 
it's so heartbreakin'-Aretha Franklin[SEP]It’s so heartbreaking when the one you love Is in love with somebody else When somebody you’ve been dreaming of Is in love with somebody else You can’t keep on smiling over rainy’s due Keep on walking though you’ve gotta hold in your shoe But it’s so heartbreaking when the one you love Is in love with somebody else  John thought Jennie really love him true Till he caught her kissing with Bill John is so lonesome, don’t know what he’ll do Since Jane went over the hills So there goes Johnnie with a broken heart He is just too good for nothing since they’re apart Cause it’s so heartbreaking when the one you love Is in love with somebody else  Oh, it’s so heartbreaking when you’re love is gone And your dream love go up in smoke And it’s so frightening, baby, when you love someone And he thinks your love is a joke Oh, you gotta keep on living till the day you die But you’re so disgusted that you wonder why Cause it’s so heartbreaking when the one you love Is in love with somebody else  I said that it’s so heartbreaking when the one you love Is in love with somebody else It hurts so bad, yes it does So heartbreaking when the one you love Is in love with somebody else That man really turn just back on So heartbreaking when the one you love Is in love with somebody else 
operation heartbreak(expanded edition bonus track)-Aretha Franklin[SEP]Operation heartbreak You took your love from me And for the rest of my life there will always be A wound that will never heal, oh, oh, oh  With all I have to give why must I sit and suffer? Operation (operation, oh) Heartbreak (operation, uh) Why did you take your love from me? (Why did you take your love from me?)  Operation (operation, oh) Heartbreak (operation, uh) How will I ever survive? Yeah (survive) For you have made a score deep down inside of me Without your love I can't stay alive, oh yeah (stay alive)  With all I have to give why must I sit and suffer? Yeah, yeah, yeah Operation (operation, oh) Heartbreak (operation, uh) Why did you take your love from me? (operation, uh)  Operation (operation, uh) Oh, heartbreak (operation, uh) Operation (operation, uh) Heartbreak (operation, uh) A wound that will never heal, oh, oh, oh 
blue holiday-Aretha Franklin[SEP]It's been a blue holiday since you've been gone Oh my darling, won't you hurry, hurry home It's been a blue holiday I'm all alone You know I, I need your love to keep me warm I cry when I hear the chapel bells ring And sometimes I cry all through the night Please oh please come, come back to me And make my holiday bright It's been a blue holiday my heart's in pain My dear, I pray to have your love again  Blue blue blue blue blue holiday my heart's in pain My dear, I pray to have your love again I pray to have your love again It's been a blue blue holiday 
it's just a matter of time-Aretha Franklin[SEP]Someday, Someway You'll realize that you've been blind Yes Darling, you're going to need me again It's just a matter of time Go on, go on Til you reach the end of the line Cause I know you'll pass my way again It's just a matter of time After I gave you everything I had You laughed and you called me a clown Remember in your search for fortune and fame What goes up must come down I know, I know That one day you'll wake up and find That my love is a true love It's just a matter of time  Words are spoken with chords played Someday and Someway Girl you'll realize that you've been blind Yes Darling, I know you gonna need me again It's just a matter of time  After I gave you everything I had You laughed and you called me a clown But remember in your search for fortune and fame What goes up must come down I know, I know That one day you'll wake up and find That my love was a true love It's just a matter of time 
i surrender, dear-Aretha Franklin[SEP]We played the game of stay away But it cost more than I can pay Without you I can’t make my way I surrender, dear  Now, I may seem proud, I may act gay But it’s just a pose, oh, I’m not that way Cause deep down, deep down in my heart, I say I surrender, dear  Mmm, little mean things we were doing Must have been part of the game Lending a spice to the wooing Oh, but I don’t care who’s to blame, blame  When stars appear and shadows fall Why then you’ll hear my poor heart call? To you my love, my life, my all I surrender, dear  Oh, I, I surrender, dear Oh, yeah, yeah, I Oh, I surrender, yeah, dear, yeah, yeah 
ac-cent-tchu-ate the positive-Aretha Franklin[SEP]Gather 'round me, everybody Gather 'round me, while I preach some  The topic will be sin And that's what I'm agin' If you wanna hear my story Then settle back and just sit tight While I start reviewing The attitude of doing right  You got to ac-cent-tchu-ate the positive E-lim-i-nate the negative And latch on to the affirmative Don't mess with mister inbetween  You got to spread joy up to the maximum Bring gloom down to the minimum And have faith, or pandemonium Liable to walk upon the scene  To illustrate my last remark Jonah in the whale, noah in the ark, What did they do, just when everything looked so dark? Man, they said, we better  Ac-cent-tchu-ate the positive E-lim-i-nate the negative And latch on to the affirmative Don't mess with mister inbetween 
that's all i want from you-Aretha Franklin[SEP]That's all, that's all I want from you... That's all, that's all I want from you... That's all, that's all I want from you... That's all, that's all I want from you...  All I want is a little bit of love that slowly grows and grows, (Slowly, slowly...) Not one that comes and goes - That's all I want from you... (Still!) A sunny day with hopes up to the sky, A kiss, and no goodbyes - That's all I want from you...  Don't let me down, oh, show me that you care; Remember when you give, you always get your share... Don't let me down, I have no time to waste; Tomorrow may not come (may not come!), when dreamers dream (may not come!) too late...  A little love that slowly grows and grows, (Slowly, slowly...) Not one that comes and goes - That's all I want from you...  Don't let me down! Show me that you care! Remember when you give, you always get your share... Don't let me down, I have no time to waste; Tomorrow may not come... (may not come!) Dreamers dream... (may not come!) Late...  A little love that slowly grows and grows, (Slowly, slowly...) Not one that comes and goes - That's all I want from you... (Still!)  Baby, that's all! (That's all, that's all I want from you...) Baby! (That's all, that's all I want from you...) (That's all, that's all I want from you...) Ooh, baby! (That's all, that's all I want from you... slowly, slowly...) 
share your love with me-Aretha Franklin[SEP]It's an evil wind That blows no good air It's a sad heart That won't love like I know it should Oh how lonesome (oh how lonesome) You must be (You must be) It's a shame (shame) You don't share your love with me  It's a heartache yeah (It's a heartache) When love is gone (It's a heartache) But it's bad (Bad) and even sad (sad) All day long  And it's no wonder When you won't see me It's a shame (shame) If you won't share Some of your love with me  I can't help it oh no If he's gone I must try to forget Because I got to live on Ooooh Have me some good thing It's a sweet thing (Its a sweet thing) But you love someone eles (Such a sweet thing)  But It's bad (bad) And even sadder (sad) When it's not the time  And Ooooooooooh How lonesome... how lonesome How lonesome baby (Lonesome) You must be (You must be)  I tell ya it would be a sad (sad) Shame (shame) If you don't share Your love with me (Share your love with me)  It would really be a mistake baby (If you say it) If you don't share Your love with me (Share your love with me)  It would sure be a shame (Shame shame) If you don't share Share your love with me Share your love with me Come on bab - ay 
you'll lose a good thing-Aretha Franklin[SEP]If you should loo-oo-se me, Oh, yeah, you'll lose a good thing. If you should loo-oo-se me, Oh, yeah, you'll lose a good thing.  You know I love you, Do anything for you. Just don't mistreat me, An I'll be good to you. 'Cause if you should loo-oo-se me, Oh, yeah, you'll lose a good thing.  I'm givin' you one more chance, For you to do right. If you'll only straighen up, We'll have a good life. 'Cause if you should loo-oo-se me, Oh, yeah, you'll lose a good thing.  This is my last time, Not asking any more. If you don't do right, I'm gonna march outta that door. And if you don't be-lee-eeve me, Just try it, daddy, An you'll lose a good thing.  Just try it, daddy, An you'll lose a good thing.  Just try it, daddy, An you'll lose a good thing. 
until the real thing comes along-Aretha Franklin[SEP]I’d work for you, slave for you I’d even be a beggar or a knave for you If that isn’t love it’ll have to do Until the real thing comes along  I’d gladly, I’d gladly, I’d gladly move the earth for you Oh, just to prove my love and it’s worth for you Now, if that isn’t love it’ll just have to do Until the real thing comes along  With all the words, dear, at my command I just can’t sing to make you understand I’ll always love you darling, come what may My heart is yours, what more can I say?  I’d sigh, I’d sigh for you, I’d even cry for you I’d reach out and even tear the stars out of the skies for you Now if that isn’t love it’ll just have to do Until the real thing comes along Until the real thing comes along 
make someone happy-Aretha Franklin[SEP]Make someone happy Make just one someone happy Make just one heart the heart you sing to One smile that cheers you One face that lights when it nears you One man you’re everything to  Fame if you win it Oh, it comes and it goes in a minute Now, where’s the real stuff in life to cling to? Love is the answer Someone to really love is the answer And once you’ve found him Keep trying to build your world around him  Oh, make someone, someone happy Make just one, one someone happy And I guarantee you will be happy too  Ooooh, make someone, someone happy Oh, sometime in live you ought to try make someone happy And you will be happy too 
the weight-Aretha Franklin[SEP]I pulled into Nazareth, I was feelin' about half past dead; I just need some place where I can lay my head. "Hey, mister, can you tell me where a girl might find a bed?" He just grinned and shook my hand, and "No," was all he said.  Take a load off Annie, take a load off for free; Take a load off Annie, And (and) (and) put the weight on me.  I picked up my bag, I went lookin' for a place to hide; When I saw Carmen and the Devil walkin' side by side. I said, "Hey, Carmen, come on, let's go downtown." She said, "Well I gotta go, but m'friend can stick around."  Take a load off Annie, take a load off for free; Take a load off Annie, And (and) (and) put the weight on me.  Go down, Moses, there's nothin' that you can say It's just like ol' Luke waitin', waitin' on Judgement Day. "Well, Luke, my friend, what about Anna Lee?" He said, "Do me a favour, stay an' keep Anna Lee some company."  Take a load off Annie, take a load off for free; Take a load off Annie, And (and) (and) put the weight on me.  Catch me a cannon ball, now take me on down the line My bag is sinkin' low, and I believe that it's about time. To get in touch with Annie, you know she's the one. Who sent me here with her regards for everyone?  Take a load off Annie, take a load off for free; Take a load off Annie, And (and) (and) put the weight on me. 
killing me softly with his song-Roberta Flack[SEP]Strumming my pain with his fingers Singing my life with his words Killing me softly with his song Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me softly with his song  I heard he sang a good song I heard he had a style And so I came to see him To listen for a while And there he was this young boy A stranger to my eyes  Strumming my pain with his fingers Singing my life with his words Killing me softly with his song Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me softly with his song  I felt all flushed with fever Embarrassed by the crowd I felt he found my letters And read each one out loud I prayed that he would finish But he just kept right on  Strumming my pain with his fingers Singing my life with his words Killing me softly with his song Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me softly with his song  He sang as if he knew me In all my dark despair And then he looked right through me As if I wasn't there And he just kept on singing Singing clear and strong  Strumming my pain with his fingers Singing my life with his words Killing me softly with his song Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me softly with his song  Strumming my pain with his fingers Singing my life with his words Killing me softly with his song Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me (softly)  He was strumming my pain Yeah, he was singing my life Killing me softly with his song Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me softly With his song 
the first time ever i saw your face-Roberta Flack[SEP]The first time ever I saw your face I thought the sun rose in your eyes And the moon and the stars were the gifts you gave To the dark and the endless skies, my love To the dark and the endless skies  And the first time ever I kissed your mouth I felt the earth move in my hand Like the trembling heart of a captive bird That was there at my command, my love That was there at my command, my love  And the first time ever I lay with you I felt your heart so close to mine And I knew our joy would fill the earth And last 'til the end of time, my love And it would last 'til the end of time, my love  The first time ever I saw your face Your face Your face Your face 
silly love songs-Wings[SEP]You'd think that people would have had enough of silly love songs But I look around me And I see it isn't so Some people want to fill the world With silly love songs And what's wrong with that? I'd like to know Cos here I go again  I love you, I love you I love you, I love you  Ah, I can't explain The feeling's plain to me Now can't you see? Ah, she gave me more She gave it all to me Now can't you see? What's wrong with that? I need to know Cos here I go again  I love you, I love you  Love doesn't come in a minute Sometimes it doesn't come at all I only know that when I'm in it It isn't silly, no, it isn't silly Love isn't silly at all  How can I tell you about my loved one? How can I tell you about my loved one? How can I tell you about my loved one? How can I tell you about my loved one?  I love you, I love you I love you, I love you  Ah, I can't explain The feeling's plain to me Say, can't you see?  Ah, he gave me more He gave it all to me Say, can't you see?  Ah, I can't explain The feeling's plain to me Say, can't you see?  Ah, he gave me more He gave it all to me Say, can't you see?  Ah, I can't explain The feeling's plain to me Say, can't you see?  Ah, he gave me more He gave it all to me Say, can't you see?  You'd think that people would have had enough of silly love songs But I look around me and I see it isn't so, oh no, Some people want to fill the world With silly love songs And what's wrong with that? 
rolling in the deep-Adele[SEP]There's a fire starting in my heart Reaching a fever pitch, it's bringing me out the dark Finally I can see you crystal clear [Clean version:] Go 'head and sell me out and I'll lay your ship bare [Explicit version:] Go 'head and sell me out and I'll lay your shit bare See how I leave with every piece of you Don't underestimate the things that I will do  There's a fire starting in my heart Reaching a fever pitch And it's bringing me out the dark  The scars of your love remind me of us They keep me thinking that we almost had it all The scars of your love, they leave me breathless I can't help feeling We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it, to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep)  Baby, I have no story to be told But I've heard one on you And I'm gonna make your head burn Think of me in the depths of your despair Make a home down there As mine sure won't be shared  (You're gonna wish you never had met me) The scars of your love remind me of us (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) They keep me thinking that we almost had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) The scars of your love, they leave me breathless (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) I can't help feeling We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it, to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) We could have had it all Rolling in the deep You had my heart inside of your hand But you played it, with a beating  Throw your soul through every open door (woah) Count your blessings to find what you look for (woah) Turn my sorrow into treasured gold (woah) You'll pay me back in kind and reap just what you sow (woah) (You're gonna wish you never had met me) We could have had it all (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) It all, it all, it all (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep)  We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep)  We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me)  But you played it You played it You played it You played it to the beat. 
ring my bell-Anita Ward[SEP]I'm glad you're home Now did you really miss me I guess you did by the look in your eyes (Look in your eyes, look in your eyes) Well lay back and relax while I put away the dishes (put away the dishes) Then you and me can rock-a-bye  You can ring my be-e-ell, ring my bell You can ring my be-e-ell, ring my bell You can ring my be-e-ell, ring my bell You can ring my be-e-ell, ring my bell  The night is young and full of possibilities Well come on, and let yourself be free My love for you (love for you, love for you), so long I've been saving Tonight was made for me and you  You can ring my be-e-ell, ring my bell You can ring my be-e-ell, ring my bell You can ring my be-e-ell, ring my bell You can ring my be-e-ell, ring my bell  You can ring my bell, you can ring my bell Ding dong, ding dong, ring it You can ring my bell, anytime, anyway Ring it, ring it ring it, owww  You can ring my be-e-ell, ring my bell You can ring my be-e-ell, ring my bell You can ring my be-e-ell, ring my bell You can ring my be-e-ell, ring my bell 
you take my breath away-Queen[SEP]Look into my eyes and you'll see I'm the only one You've captured my love Stolen my heart Changed my life Every time you make a move You destroy my mind And the way you touch I lose control and shiver deep inside You take my breath away  You can reduce me to tears With a single sigh Every breath that you take Any sound that you make Is a whisper in my ear I could give up all my life for just one kiss I would surely die If you dismiss me from your love You take my breath away  So please don't go Don't leave me here all by myself I get ever so lonely from time to time I will find you Anywhere you go, I'll be right behind you Right until the ends of the earth I'll get no sleep till I find you to tell you That you just take my breath Away  I will find you Right until the ends of the earth I'll get no sleep til I find you To tell you when I've found you I love you 
don't try suicide-Queen[SEP]A one two three four, one Yeah OK Don't do it don't you try it baby Don't do that don't don't don't Don't do that You got a good thing going now Don't do it don't do it Don't  Don't try suicide Nobody's worth it Don't try suicide Nobody cares Don't try suicide You're just gonna hate it Don't try suicide Nobody gives a damn  So you think it's the easy way out Think you're gonna slash your wrists This time Baby when you do it all you do is Get on my tits Don't do that try try try baby Don't do that - you got a good thing going now Don't do it don't do it - don't  Don't try suicide Nobody's worth it Don't try suicide Nobody cares Don't try suicide You're just gonna hate it Don't try suicide Nobody gives a damn  You need help Look at yourself you need help You need life So don't hang yourself It's OK OK OK OK You just can't be a prick teaser all of the time  A little bit attention - you got it Need some affection - you got it Suicide suicide suicide bid Suicide suicide suicide bid Suicide  Don't do it don't do it don't do it babe Don't do it don't do it don't-do it Don't put your neck on the line Don't drown on me babe Blow your brains out - Don't do that - yeah Don't do that, you got a good thing going baby Don't do it (No) don't do it (No) don't  Don't try suicide Nobody's worth it Don't try suicide Nobody cares Don't try suicide You're just gonna hate it Don't try suicide Nobody gives Nobody gives Nobody gives a damn  OK 
don't stop me now-Queen[SEP]Tonight I'm gonna have myself a real good time I feel alive And the world, I'll turn it inside out Yeah! I'm floating around In ecstasy  So don't stop me now, don't stop me 'Cause I'm having a good time, having a good time  I'm a shooting star leaping through the sky Like a tiger defying the laws of gravity I'm a racing car passing by Like Lady Godiva I'm gonna go go go There's no stopping me  I'm burning through the sky Yeah! Two hundred degrees That's why they call me Mister Fahrenheit I'm traveling at the speed of light I wanna make a supersonic man out of you  Don't stop me now I'm having such a good time I'm having a ball Don't stop me now If you wanna have a good time Just give me a call  Don't stop me now 'Cause I'm having a good time Don't stop me now Yes I'm having a good time I don't want to stop at all, yeah!  I'm a rocket ship on my way to Mars On a collision course I am a satellite I'm out of control I am a sex machine ready to reload Like an atom bomb about to-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh explode  I'm burning through the sky Yeah! Two hundred degrees That's why they call me Mister Fahrenheit I'm traveling at the speed of light I wanna make a supersonic woman of you  Don't stop me Don't stop me Don't stop me Hey hey hey!  Don't stop me Don't stop me Ooh ooh ooh I like it  Don't stop me Don't stop me Have a good time, good time  Don't stop me Don't stop me  Ooh ooh alright  Ooh I'm burning through the sky Yeah! Two hundred degrees That's why they call me Mister Fahrenheit I'm traveling at the speed of light I wanna make a supersonic man out of you  Don't stop me now I'm having such a good time I'm having a ball Don't stop me now If you wanna have a good time Alright Just give me a call  Don't stop me now 'Cause I'm having a good time Don't stop me now Yes, I'm having a good time I don't wanna stop at all 
doing all right-Queen[SEP]Yesterday my life was in ruin Now today I know what I'm doing Got a feeling I should be doing all right Doing all right  Where will I be this time tomorrow? Jumped in joy or sinking in sorrow Anyway I should be doing all right Doing all right  Should be waiting for the sun Looking 'round to find the words to say Should be waiting for the skies to clear There ain't time in all the world  Should be waiting for the sun And anyway, I got to hide away  Yesterday my life was in ruin Now today God knows what I'm doing Anyway I should be doing all right Doing all right  Doing all right 
teo torriate (let us cling together)-Queen[SEP]When I'm gone No need to wonder if I ever think of you The same moon shines The same wind blows For both of us, and time is but a paper moon... be not gone  Though I'm gone It's just as though I hold the flower that touches you A new life grows The blossom knows There's no one else could warm my heart as much as you... be not gone  Let us cling together as the years go by Oh my love, my love In the quiet of the night Let our candle always burn Let us never lose the lessons we have learned  Teo Torriate konomama iko Aisuruhito yo Shizukana yoi ni Hikario tomoshi Itoshiki oshieo idaki  Hear my song Still think of me the way you've come to think of me The nights grow long But dreams live on Just close your pretty eyes and you can be with me... dream on  When I'm gone They'd say we're all fools and we don't understand Oh be strong Don't turn your heart We're all You're all For all For always... 
crazy little thing called love-Queen[SEP]This thing called love I just can't handle it This thing called love I must get round to it I ain't ready Crazy little thing called love  This thing (this thing) called love (called love) It cries (like a baby) in a cradle all night It swings (ooh, ooh), it jives (ooh, ooh) It shakes all over like a jelly fish, I kinda like it Crazy little thing called love  There goes my baby She knows how to rock-n-roll She drives me crazy She gives me hot and cold fever She leaves me in a cool, cool sweat  I gotta be cool, relax, get hip Get on my tracks Take a back seat, hitch-hike And take a long ride on my motorbike Until I'm ready Crazy little thing called love  I gotta be cool, relax, get hip And get on my tracks Take a back seat, hitch-hike And take a long ride on my motorbike Until I'm ready (Ready Freddie) Crazy little thing called love  This thing called love I just can't handle it This thing called love I must get round to it I ain't ready Crazy little thing called love [repeat to fade] 
las palabras de amor (the words of love)-Queen[SEP]Don't touch me now Don't hold me now Don't break the spell Darling Now you are near Look in my eyes and speak to me The special promises I want to hear  Las palabras de amor Let me hear the words of love Despacito mi amor Love me slow and gently  One foolish world, so many souls Senselessly hurled through The never ending cold And all for fear and all for greed Speak any tongue But for God's sake we need  Las palabras de amor Let me hear the words of love Despacito mi amor Let me know, this night and evermore  This room is bare This night is cold We're far apart and I'm growing old But while we live We'll meet again So then my love We may whisper once more It's you I adore  Las palabras de amor Let me hear the words of love Despacito mi amor Touch me now Las palabras de amor Let us share the words of love For evermore For evermore For evermore 
my babe does me-Queen[SEP]My baby Baby does My baby does, me good My baby does May baby does me My baby does me good  My lady Understands Understands me, right  She understands me She understands me Understands me right My baby cares She really cares She knows what's really right for me Does me good then she hurts me so She winds me up then lets me go Turns me on and then tells me no She's just a pussy cat  My baby loves me My baby loves me My baby cuffs me One day she tells me that she cares Another day she tells me she don't love me She really really does me 
pain is so close to pleasure-Queen[SEP]Pain is so close to pleasure. Sunshine and rainy weather Go hand in hand together All your life.  Pain is so close to pleasure. Everybody knows: One day we love each other Then we're fighting one another All the time.  When I was young and just getting started, And people talked to me: they sounded broken hearted. Then I grew up and got my imagination, And all I wanted was to start a new relation.  So in love, but love had a bad reaction. I was looking for some good old satisfaction, But pain is all I got When all I needed was some love and affection.  Pain is so close to pleasure. Sunshine and rainy weather Go hand in hand together All your life.  Pain and pleasure. Pain and pleasure.  When your plans go wrong and you turn out the light, But inside of your mind you put up a fight.  Where are the answers that we're all searching for? There's nothing in this world to be sure of anymore. Some days you're feeling good, some days you're feeling bad, But if you're feeling happy someone else is always sad.  Let the sweetness of love wipe the tears from your face For better, for worse. So let's make the best of the rest of our years.  Pain is so close to pleasure. I told you so. Sunshine and rainy weather Go hand in hand together All your life.  Pain and pleasure.  Pain is so close to pleasure. Sunshine and rainy weather Go hand in hand together All your life.  All your life. Pain, pleasure. 
misfire-Queen[SEP]Don't you misfire Fill me up With the desire To carry on  Don't you know honey, that love's a game It's always hit or miss, so take your aim Got to hold on tight, shoot me out of sight  Don't you misfire Fill me up With the desire To carry on  Don't you misfire Fill me up With the desire To carry on  Your gun is loaded, and pointing my way There's only one bullet, so don't delay Got to time it right, fire me through the night  Come on, take a shot Fire me higher Don't you miss this time Please don't misfire, misfire  Misfire 
father to son-Queen[SEP]A word in your ear, from father to son hear the words that I say I fought with you, fought on your side Long before you were born  Joyful the sound, the word goes around From father to son, to son  And the voice is so clear, time after time it leeps Calling you, calling you on Don't destroy what you see, your country to be Just keep on building on the ground that's been won  Kings will be crowned, the word goes around From father to son, to son  Take this letter that I give you, Take it sonny, hold it high You won't understand a word that's in it But you'll write it all again before you die A word in your ear from father to son Funny you don't hear a single word I say But my letter to you, will stay by your side Through the years till the loneliness is gone Sing if you will - But the air you breathe I live to give you  Father to son Father to, father to, father to son  Joyful the sound, the word goes around From father to son, to son...  Kings will be crowned, the word goes around From father to son, to son... 
'39-Queen[SEP]In the year of '39 assembled here the volunteers In the days when the lands were few Here the ship sailed out into the blue and sunny morn The sweetest sight ever seen.  And the night followed day And the story tellers say That the score brave souls inside For many a lonely day sailed across the milky seas Never looked back, never feared, never cried.  Don't you hear my call though you're many years away Don't you hear me calling you Write your letters in the sand For the day I take your hand In the land that our grandchildren knew.  In the year of '39 came a ship in from the blue The volunteers came home that day And they bring good news of a world so newly born Though their hearts so heavily weigh  For the earth is old and grey, little darling wellaway But my love this cannot be For so many years have gone though I'm older but a year Your mother's eyes from your eyes cry to me.  Don't you hear my call though you're many years away Don't you hear me calling you Write your letters in the sand For the day I take your hand In the land that our grandchildren knew.  Don't you hear my call though you're many years away Don't you hear me calling you All your letters in the sand cannot heal me like your hand  For my life Still ahead Pity me. 
all dead, all dead-Queen[SEP]She came without a farthing A babe without a name So much ado about nothing Is what she'd try to say  So much ado my lover So many games we played Through every fleeted summer Through every precious day  All dead, all dead All the dreams we had And I wonder why I still live on All dead, all dead And alone I'm spared My sweeter half instead All dead and gone All dead  All dead, all dead At the rainbow's end And still I hear her own sweet song All dead, all dead Take me back again You know my little friend's All dead and gone  Her ways are always with me I wander all the while But please you must forgive me I am old but still a child  All dead, all dead But I should not grieve In time it comes to everyone All dead, all dead But in hope I breathe Of course I don't believe You're dead and gone All dead and gone 
dead on time-Queen[SEP]Fool always jumping never happy where you land Fool got my bus'ness make your living where you can Hurry down the highway Hurry down the road Hurry past the people staring Hurry hurry hurry hurry  Leave on time leave on time Never got your ticket but you leave on time Leave on time leave on time Gonna get your ticket but you leave on time Put it in your pocket but you never can tell  Leave on time leave on time Shake that rattle gonna leave on time Leave on time leave on time Fight your battle but you leave on time Leave on time leave on time Never got a minute no you never got a minute No you never never got on no matter  Fool got no bus'ness hanging round and telling lies Fool you got no reasons but you got no compromise Stamping Gotta get out gotta get out gotta get out Oh you know I'm going crazy  Leave on time leave on time Gotta get ahead but you leave on time Leave on time leave on time Gonna head on ahead but you leave on time Leave on time leave on time You're running in the red but you never can tell  Leave on time leave on time Gotta get rich gonna leave on time Leave on time leave on time But you can't take it with you when you leave on time Leave on time leave on time Got to keep yourself alive gotta leave on time Gotta leave on time leave on time Dead on time 'You're Dead' 
dragon attack-Queen[SEP]"Take me to the room where the red's all red. Take me out of my head"'s what I said.  Hey, take me to the room where the green's all green. And from what I've seen it's hot, it's mean.  I'm gonna use my stack. It's gotta be Mack. Gonna get me on the track. Got a dragon on my back.  Take me to the room where the beat's all round. Gonna eat that sound Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  Take me to the room where the black's all white. And the white's all black. Take me back to the shack (shack).  She don't take no prisoner. She gonna give me the business. Got a dragon on my back. Hey, it's a dragon attack.  Get down nice and slow.  Alright.  She's low down. She don't take no prisoners. Go down. She gonna give me the business. No time. Yeah, chained to the rack! Show time. Got a dragon on my back.  Show down. Go find another customer. Slow down. I gotta make my way.  On my way. On my way.  Alright.  Alright. 
save me-Queen[SEP]It started off so well They said we made a perfect pair I clothed myself in your glory and your love How I loved you, How I cried  The years of care and loyalty Were nothing but a sham it seems The years belie we lived a lie I'll love you 'til I die  Save me, save me, save me I can't face this life alone Save me, save me, save me I'm naked and I'm far from home  The slate will soon be clean I'll erase the memories, To start again with somebody new Was it all wasted? All that love?  I hang my head and I advertise A soul for sale or rent I have no heart, I'm cold inside I have no real intent  Save me, save me, save me I can't face this life alone Save me, save me, oh I'm naked and I'm far from home  Each night I cry, I still believe the lie I'll love you 'til I die  Save, save, save me Save, save, save me Don't let me face my life alone Save, save, save me I'm naked and I'm far from home 
gimme the prize-Queen[SEP][News reporter:] The garage is watered from the sprinklers. It also left a man's decapitated body lying on the floor next to his own severed head. The head, which of this time, has no name.  [The Kurgan:] I know his name.  Here I am, I'm the master of your destiny.  I am the one, the only one, I am the god of kingdom come. Gimme the prize, Just gimme the prize.  Give me your kings, Let me squeeze them in my hands. Your puny princes, Your so-called leaders of your land:  I'll eat them whole Before I'm done. The battle's fought And the game is won.  I am the one, the only one, I am the god of kingdom come. Gimme the prize, Just gimme the prize.  [The Kurgan:] Now you die. I have something to say: It's better to burn out than to fade away. There can be only one.  Move over! I said move over!  Hey, hey, hey, clear the way! There's no escape from my authority.  I tell you:  I am the one, the only one, I am the god of kingdom come. Gimme the prize, Just gimme the prize.  I am the only one, I am the god of kingdom come. Gimme the prize.  [Connor MacLeod:] There can be only one. 
bohemian rhapsody-Queen[SEP]Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, No escape from reality.  Open your eyes, Look up to the skies and see, I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy, Because I'm easy come, easy go, Little high, little low, Any way the wind blows doesn't really matter to me, to me.  Mama, just killed a man, Put a gun against his head, Pulled my trigger, now he's dead. Mama, life had just begun, But now I've gone and thrown it all away.  Mama, ooh, Didn't mean to make you cry, If I'm not back again this time tomorrow, Carry on, carry on as if nothing really matters.  Too late, my time has come, Sends shivers down my spine, Body's aching all the time. Goodbye, everybody, I've got to go, Gotta leave you all behind and face the truth.  Mama, ooh (Any way the wind blows), I don't want to die, I sometimes wish I'd never been born at all.  I see a little silhouetto of a man, Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango? Thunderbolt and lightning very, very frightening me. (Galileo) Galileo. (Galileo) Galileo, Galileo Figaro Magnifico-o-o-o-o.  I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves me. He's just a poor boy from a poor family, Spare him his life from this monstrosity.  Easy come, easy go, will you let me go? Bismillah! No, we will not let you go. (Let him go!) Bismillah! We will not let you go. (Let him go!) Bismillah! We will not let you go. (Let me go!) Will not let you go. (Let me go!) Never let you go (Never, never, never, never let me go) Oh oh oh oh No, no, no, no, no, no, no Oh, mama mia, mama mia (Mama mia, let me go.) Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me, for me, for me.  So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye? So you think you can love me and leave me to die? Oh, baby, can't do this to me, baby, Just gotta get out, just gotta get right outta here.  (Ooooh, ooh yeah, ooh yeah)  Nothing really matters, Anyone can see, Nothing really matters, Nothing really matters to me.  Any way the wind blows... 
the night comes down-Queen[SEP]When I was young it came to me And I could see the sun break in Lucy was high and so was I Dazzling, holding the world inside  Once I believed in everyone Everyone and anyone can see  Oh, oh, the night comes down And I get afraid of losing my way Oh, oh, the night comes down Ooh, and it's dark again  Once I could laugh with everyone Once I could see the good in me The black and the white distinctively Colouring, holding the world inside  Now all the world is grey to me Nobody can see you gotta believe it  Oh, oh, the night comes down And I get afraid of losing my way Oh, oh, the night comes down Ooh, and it's dark again And it's dark again And it's dark again 
seven seas of rhye-Queen[SEP]Fear me you lords and lady preachers I descend upon your earth from the skies I command your very souls you unbelievers Bring before me what is mine The seven seas of Rhye  Can you hear me you peers and privy counselors I stand before you naked to the eyes I will destroy any man who dares abuse my trust I swear that you'll be mine The seven seas of Rhye  Sister - I live and lie for you Mister - do and I'll die You are mine I possess you I belong to you forever  Storm the master-marathon I'll fly through By flash and thunder-fire I'll survive Then I'll defy the laws of nature and come out alive Then I'll get you  Be gone with you - you shod and shady senators Give out the good, leave out the bad evil cries I challenge the mighty titan and his troubadours And with a smile I'll take you to the seven seas of Rhye 
play the game-Queen[SEP]Open up your mind and let me step inside Rest your weary head and let your heart decide  It's so easy When you know the rules It's so easy, All you have to do Is fall in love Play the game, Everybody play the game of love (yeah)  When you're feeling down and your resistance is low Light another cigarette and let yourself go  This is your life Don't play hard to get It's a free world All you have to do is fall in love Play the game, Everybody play the game of love  My game of love has just begun Love runs from my head down to my toes My love is pumping through my veins (play the game) Driving me insane Come, come, come, come, come play the game, play the game, play the game, play the game  Play the game Everybody play the game of love  This is your life Don't play hard to get It's a free, free world All you have to do is fall in love Play the game Play the game of love  Your life Don't play hard to get It's a free, free world All you have to do is fall in love Play the game Play the game of love, of love 
come and get your love-Redbone[SEP]Come and get your love Come and get your love Come and get your love Come and get your love  Hail (hail) What's the matter with your hair? Yeah Hail (hail) What's the matter with your mind and your sign? And a, oh, oh, oh-a Hail (hail) Nothing the matter with your head baby, find it, come on and find it Hail With it, baby, 'cause you're fine, and you're mine, and you look so divine  Come and get your love Come and get your love Come and get your love Come and get your love  Hail (hail) What's the matter with you? Feel right Don't you feel right baby? Hail, oh yeah Get it from the main vine, all right I said a-find it, find it Go on and love it if you like it, yeah Hail (hail) It's your business, if you want some, take some Get it together, baby  Come and get your love Come and get your love Come and get your love Come and get your love  Come and get your love, come and get your love, come and get your love now Come and get your love, come and get your love, come and get your love now Come and get your love, come and get your love, come and get your love now Come and get your love, come and get your love, come and get your love now  Come and get your love Come and get your love Come and get your love Come and get your love  Hail (hail) What's the matter with you? Feel right Don't you feel right baby? Hail, oh yeah Get it from the main vine, all right  La, la, la, la, la, la (Come and get your love) La, la, la, la, la, la (Come and get your love) La, la, la, la, la, la (Come and get your love) La, la, la, la, la, la (Come and get your love) La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la (Come and get your love) La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la (Come and get your love) La, la, la, la, la, la, (Come and get your love) La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la (Come and get your love) 
my guy-Mary Wells[SEP]Nothing you can say can tear me away From my guy Nothing you could do, 'cause I'm stuck like glue To my guy  I'm sticking to my guy like a stamp to a letter Like birds of a feather we stick together I'm tellin' you from the start I can't be torn apart from my guy  Nothing you could do could make me be untrue To my guy (my guy) Nothing you could buy could make me tell a lie To my guy (my guy)  I gave my guy my word of honor To be faithful and I'm gonna You'd best be believing I won't be deceiving my guy  As a matter of opinion, I think he's tops My opinion is he's the cream of the crop As a matter of taste to be exact He's my ideal as a matter of fact  No muscle bound man could take my hand From my guy (my guy) No handsome face could ever take the place Of my guy (my guy)  He may not be a movie star But when it comes to being happy, we are There's not a man today who can take me away From my guy  No muscle bound man could take my hand From my guy (my guy) No handsome face cCould ever take the place Of my guy (my guy)  He may not be a movie star But when it comes to being happy, we are There's not a man today who can take me away From my guy (what'cha say?)  There's not a man today who could take me away From my guy (Tell me more!) There's not a man today who could take me away From my guy 
rhinestone cowboy-Glen Campbell[SEP]I've been walkin' these streets so long Singin' the same old song I know every crack in these dirty sidewalks of Broadway Where hustle's the name of the game And nice guys get washed away like the snow and the rain There's been a load of compromisin' On the road to my horizon But I'm gonna be where the lights are shinin' on me  Like a rhinestone cowboy Riding out on a horse in a star-spangled rodeo Like a rhinestone cowboy Getting cards and letters from people I don't even know And offers comin' over the phone  Well, I really don't mind the rain And a smile can hide all the pain But you're down when you're ridin' the train That's takin' the long way And I dream of the things I'll do With a subway token and a dollar tucked inside my shoe There'll be a load of compromisin' On the road to my horizon But I'm gonna be where the lights are shinin' on me  Like a rhinestone cowboy Riding out on a horse in a star-spangled rodeo Rhinestone cowboy Gettin' cards and letters from people I don't even know And offers comin' over the phone  Like a rhinestone cowboy Riding out on a horse in a star-spangled rodeo  Like a rhinestone cowboy Gettin' cards and letters from people I don't even know.... 
ode to billie joe-Bobbie Gentry[SEP]It was the third of June, another sleepy, dusty Delta day I was out choppin' cotton and my brother was balin' hay And at dinner time we stopped and walked back to the house to eat And Mama hollered out the back door, "Y'all remember to wipe your feet" And then she said, "I got some news this mornin' from Choctaw Ridge Today Billie Joe MacAllister jumped off the Tallahatchie Bridge"  And Papa said to Mama as he passed around the black-eyed peas "Well, Billie Joe never had a lick of sense. Pass the biscuits, please There's five more acres in the lower forty I've got to plow" And Mama said it was a shame about Billie Joe, anyhow Seems like nothin' ever comes to no good up on Choctaw Ridge And now Billie Joe MacAllister's jumped off the Tallahatchie Bridge  And brother said he recollected when he and Tom and Billie Joe He put a frog down my back at the Carroll County picture show And wasn't I talkin' to him after church last Sunday night? "I'll have another piece of apple pie. You know, it don't seem right I saw him at the sawmill yesterday on Choctaw Ridge And now you tell me Billie Joe's jumped off the Tallahatchie Bridge"  Mama said to me, "Child, what's happened to your appetite? I've been cookin' all morning and you haven't touched a single bite That nice young preacher, Brother Taylor, dropped by today Said he'd be pleased to have dinner on Sunday. Oh, by the way He said he saw a girl that looked a lot like you up on Choctaw Ridge And she and Billie Joe was throwing somethin' off the Tallahatchie Bridge"  A year has come 'n' gone since we heard the news 'bout Billie Joe And brother married Becky Thompson, they bought a store in Tupelo There was a virus going 'round, Papa caught it and he died last Spring And now Mama doesn't seem to wanna do much of anything And me, I spend a lot of time pickin' flowers up on Choctaw Ridge And drop them into the muddy water off the Tallahatchie Bridge 
who the cap fit-Bob Marley[SEP]Man to man is so unjust, children: Ya don't know who to trust. Your worst enemy could be your best friend, And your best friend your worse enemy.  Some will eat and drink with you, Then behind them su-su 'pon you. Only your friend know your secrets, So only he could reveal it. And who the cap fit, let them wear it! Who the cap fit, let them wear it! Said I throw me corn, me no call no fowl; I saying, "Cook-cook-cook, cluk-cluk-cluk."  Some will hate you, pretend they love you now, Then behind they try to eliminate you. But who Jah bless, no one curse; Thank God, we're past the worse. Hypocrites and parasites Will come up and take a bite. And if your night should turn to day, A lot of people would run away. And who the stock fit let them wear it! Who the (cap fit) let them (wear it)!  And then a-gonna throw me corn, And then a-gonna call no fowl, And then a-gonna "Cook-cook-cook, cluk-cluk-cluk."  [Instrumental break]  Some will eat and drink with you, Then behind them su-su 'pon you, yeah! And if night should turn to day, now, A lot of people would run away, yeah! And who the cap fit, let them wear it! Who the cap fit, let them wear it! Throw me corn, me no call no fowl; A-saying: "Cook-cook-cook, cluk-cluk-cluk." ... : "Cook-cook-cook, cluk-cluk-cluk." Throw me corn (cook-cook-cook); Me call no fowl (cluk-cluk-cluk) 
reggae on broadway-Bob Marley[SEP]Eh-eh! ooh, Lord. Eh-eh, mama, eh!  Get out on the floor and you give me some-a more now. Get out on the floor, baby. Come on, give me some-a more now. Uh! I'm in the groove to give you some-a love-a now. I'm in the groove, baby. I'm gonna give you some-a love now. I go down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down! (Eh, ooh, I like it) Get down! (Eh-eh, baby, look g'yeah now!)  Reggae is on Broadway (where you take it?), Reggae is on Broadway (good Lord), Reggae is on Broadway (look g'yeah now!), Reggae is on Broadway (give it to me baby!), Reggae is on Broadway (where you take it?), Reggae is on Broadway (ruba-ba-ba!).  Eh, ah! [?] uh! Eh! I'm in the mood to give you some food now. Get on the floor, baby. I said you give me it once more now. I'm on the groove to give you some-a good-a love. I'm on the mood, baby. I'm gonna give you, give you love now. Eh! Down, down, down, down, (don't [?] me) down, down (whoa!), down, down (take it or leave it, baby), down! (Eh-eh!) Get down! (Eh! Baby!)  Reggae is on Broadway (Reggae is on Broadway!) Reggae is on Broadway (can you hear me?), Reggae is on Broadway (Reggae on Broadway!), Reggae is on Broadway (I tell you), Reggae is on Broadway, I say, Reggae is on Broadway.  Uh-uh, good God! Reggae is on Broadway, Reggae is on Broadway (Reggae on Broadway), Reggae is on Broadway, Reggae is on Broadway (Reggae, reggae is on Broadway), Reggae is on Broadway (yeh g'yeah!), Reggae is on Broadway (Reggae on Broadway!), Reggae is on Broadway, Reggae is on Broadway, (Reggae, reggae, reggae, reggae, reggae is on Broadway!) Reggae is on Broadway, Reggae is on Broadway (good Lord), Reggae is on Broadway (uh, I like it), Reggae is on Broadway (Reggae on Broadway), Reggae is on Broadway, Reggae is on Broadway, (Reggae, reggae is on Broadway!) Reggae is on Broadway, Reggae is on Broadway, Reggae is on Broadway, Reggae is on Broadway, Reggae is on Broadway. 
changes are-Bob Marley[SEP]Chances are we're gonna leave now Sorry for the victim now Though my days are filled with sorrow I see years of pride tomorrow  Chances, chances are some might not hold out Chances are, hang on right now Though-oh-oh-oh my-my days are filled with sorrow I see years of pride tomorrow  Chances, chances are some might not hold out Chances are, hang on right now Chances are, oh chances, you're my chances Chances are, hang on right now  Chances are, hang on right now  Heal with loneliness, Heartaches and tear drops Chances are we'll have to win Chances are, hang on right now Chances are, chances are... 
small axe-Bob Marley[SEP]Why boasteth thyself Oh, evil men Playing smart And not being clever? I said, you're working iniquity To achieve vanity (if a-so a-so) But the goodness of Jah, Jah I-dureth for-I-ver  So if you are the big tree We are the small axe Ready to cut you down (well sharp) To cut you down  These are the words Of my master, keep on tellin' me No weak heart Shall prosper And whosoever diggeth a pit Shall fall in it, fall in it And whosoever diggeth a pit Shall fall in it (... fall in it)  If you are the big tree, let me tell you that We are the small axe, sharp and ready Ready to cut you down (well sharp) To cut you down  (To cut you down)  (To cut you down)  These are the words Of my master, tellin' me that No weak heart Shall prosper And whosoever diggeth a pit Shall fall in it, uh, bury in it And whosoever diggeth a pit Shall bury in it, uh (... bury in it)  If you are the big, big tree We are the small axe Ready to cut you down (well sharp) To cut you down If you are the big, big tree, let me tell you that We are the small axe Ready to cut you down (well sharp) To cut you down Sharpened ... 
bend down low-Bob Marley[SEP]Bend down low, let me tell you what I know now; Bend down low, let me tell you what I know. Oh! Fisherman row to reap what you sow now; Oh, tell you all I know (Oo-oh!), you've got to let me go now (Oo-oh!), And all you've got to do: (Bend down low) Oh yeah! Let me tell you what I know; Bend down low, let me tell you what I know. Oh yeah!  You keep on knockin', but you can't come in. I get to understand you been livin' in sin, But if you love me, woman, walk right in. I've got a notch for your safety-pin, But bend down low.  [Instrumental break]  Keep on knockin', but you can't come in. I get to understand you been livin' in sin, But walk right in, woman, sit right down. I will keep on lovin' you; I play the clown. But bend down low, baby, let me tell you what I know; Bend down low, let me tell you what I know, yeah! Let me tell you, baby! Let me tell ya - Knock on, babe! Just won't let ya in! You been livin' in sin. Knock on! [fadeout] 
rastaman live up!-Bob Marley[SEP]Rastaman, live up! Bongoman, don't give up! Congoman, live up, yeah! Binghi-man don't give up! Keep your culture: Don't be afraid of the vulture! Grow your dreadlock: Don't be afraid of the wolf-pack!  Rastaman, live up! Binghi-man, don't give up! Congoman, live up, yeah! Bongoman, don't give up!  David slew Goliath with a sling and a stone; Samson slew the Philistines with a donkey jawbone: Iyaman, live up! Rastaman, don't give up! Binghi-man, live up! Congoman, don't give up!  Trodding through creation in a irie meditation; Seen many visions in-a this yah Armagiddyon: Rastaman, live up! Congoman, don't give up! Rastaman, live up, yeah! Natty Dread, no give up!  Saw it in the beginning, so shall it be in this iwa; And they fallen in confusion, well-a just a step from Babel Tower Rastaman live up! Congoman, no give up! Rastaman live up, yeah! Congoman, no give up! Grow your dreadlocks; Don't be afraid of the wolf-pack! A-tell you, one man a-walkin'; And a billion man a-sparkin'.  Rastaman, live up! Binghi-man, don't give up! Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up! 
get up, stand up-Bob Marley[SEP]Get up, stand up: stand up for your rights! Get up, stand up: stand up for your rights! Get up, stand up: stand up for your rights! Get up, stand up: don't give up the fight!  Preacherman, don't tell me, Heaven is under the earth. I know you don't know What life is really worth. It's not all that glitters is gold; 'Alf the story has never been told: So now you see the light, eh! Stand up for your rights. Come on!  Get up, stand up: stand up for your rights! Get up, stand up: don't give up the fight! Get up, stand up: stand up for your rights! Get up, stand up: don't give up the fight!  Most people think, Great God will come from the skies, Take away everything And make everybody feel high. But if you know what life is worth, You will look for yours on earth: And now you see the light, You stand up for your rights. Jah!  Get up, stand up! (Jah, Jah!) Stand up for your rights! (Oh-hoo!) Get up, stand up! (Get up, stand up!) Don't give up the fight! (Life is your right!) Get up, stand up! (So we can't give up the fight!) Stand up for your rights! (Lord, Lord!) Get up, stand up! (Keep on struggling on!) Don't give up the fight! (Yeah!)  We sick an' tired of-a your ism-skism game - Dyin' 'n' goin' to heaven in-a Jesus' name, Lord. We know when we understand: Almighty God is a living man. You can fool some people sometimes, But you can't fool all the people all the time. So now we see the light (What you gonna do?), We gonna stand up for our rights! (Yeah, yeah, yeah!)  So you better: Get up, stand up! (In the morning! Git it up!) Stand up for your rights! (Stand up for our rights!) Get up, stand up! Don't give up the fight! (Don't give it up, don't give it up!) Get up, stand up! (Get up, stand up!) Stand up for your rights! (Get up, stand up!) Get up, stand up! ( ... ) Don't give up the fight! (Get up, stand up!) Get up, stand up! ( ... ) Stand up for your rights! Get up, stand up! Don't give up the fight! [fadeout] 
kinky reggae-Bob Marley[SEP]Uh, ah-oh-oh! I went downtown, (I went downtown) I saw Miss Brown; (said, I saw Miss Brown) She had brown sugar (had brown sugar) All over her booga-wooga. (over her booga-wooga)  I think I might join the fun, (I might join the fun) But I had to hit and run. (had to hit and run) See I just can't settle down (just can't settle down) In a kinky part of town.  Ride on; Don't you know I've got to (ride on), oh baby, Ride on; see I just can't settle down. (ride on) Oh, I'm a leavin' town. (kinky reggae)  Kinky reggae, take me away! (kinky reggae, now) Kinky reggae, now! Oh, kinky reggae; all I've got to say, kinky reggae, now! Kinky reggae, oh baby! Kinky reggae, now! It's gonna be kinky reggae (keep it up). Kinky reggae, now! An' I would say: ride on, ride on, ride on (ride on)! Oh, ride on, baby! Ride on, come on, woo-o-o! (ride on) Wo-now! Eh!  I went down to Piccadilly Circus; (ooh-ooh-ooh) Down there I saw Marcus: (oo-oo-oo-ooh) He had a candy tar (ooh-ooh-ooh) All over his chocolate bar. (oo-oo-oo-ooh)  I think I might join the fun, (I might join the fun) But I had to hit and run. (had to hit and run) See I just can't settle down (just can't settle down) In a kinky, kinky part of town.  Nice one; that's what they say, (nice one) But I'm leavin' you today. (nice one) Oh, darlin', please don't pay: (nice one) Mama say - mama say.  Kinky reggae - kinky reggae, uh! Kinky reggae, now! Take it or leave it! Kinky reggae, believe it! Kinky reggae, now! Kinky reggae - it's gonna be: kinky reggae! Kinky reggae, now! Cuka-yeah, now! Kinky reggae - sca-ba-dool-ya-bung, baby! Kinky reggae, now, oh-oh-ooh! (Ride on!) Ride on! Come on, yeah! (Ride on) Riding on - riding on! Ride on, kinky reggae. Come on, ride on! Eh! Eh! Kinky, kinky, kinky as kinky (kinky reggae) can be ! Reggae! Eh! Kinky reggae! Let me hear ya say, now: kinky reggae, now. Oh! Kinky reggae! Kinky reggae, now! Kick it away! Kinky reggae - kick it away, now! Kinky reggae, now, oh! Ride on! [fadeout] 
roots, rock, reggae-Bob Marley[SEP]Play I some music: (dis a) reggae music! Play I some music: (dis a) reggae music! Roots, rock, reggae: dis a reggae music! Roots, rock, reggae: dis a reggae music!  Hey, Mister Music, sure sounds good to me! I can't refuse it: what to be got to be. Feel like dancing, dance 'cause we are free; Feel like dancing, come dance with me!  Roots, rock, reggae: dis a reggae music! Roots, rock, reggae, yeah! Dis a reggae music! Play I some music: dis a reggae music! Play I some music: dis a reggae music!  Play I on the R&B - wo-oh! Want all my people to see: We're bubblin' on the Top 100, just like a mighty dread! Play I on the R&B; want all my people to see: We bubblin' on the Top 100, just like a mighty dread!  Roots, rock, reggae: dis a reggae music! Uh-uh! Roots, rock, reggae, ee-mi duba! Dis a reggae music! Play I some music: (dis a reggae music!) Play I some music: (dis a reggae music!)  [Saxophone solo] (Dis a reggae music!) (Dis a reggae music!)  Play I on the R&B; I want all my people to see: (doo-doo-doo-doo!) We bubblin' on the Top 100, just like a mighty dread! (doo-doo-doo-doo!) Play I some music: (dis a) reggae music! Play I some music: (dis a) reggae music! (Dis a reggae music!) (Dis a reggae music!) 
zion train-Bob Marley[SEP]Zion train is coming our way; The Zion train is coming our way; Oh, people, get on board! (you better get on board!) Thank the Lord (praise Fari) - I gotta catch a train, 'cause there is no other station; Then you going in the same direction (ooh-ooh).  Zion's train is coming our way; The Zion's train is coming our way.  Which man can save his brother's soul? (save your brother's soul) Oh man, it's just self control. (oo-hoo-oo!) Don't gain the world and lose your soul (just don't lose your soul) Wisdom is better than silver and gold - To the bridge (ooh-ooh!)  Oh, where there's a will, There's always a way. Where there's a will, There's always a way (way, way, way, way),  Soul train is coming our way; er! Zion train is coming our way.  Two thousand years of history (history) Could not be wiped away so easily. Two thousand years of history (Black history) Could not be wiped so easily (could not be wiped so easily).  Oh, children, Zion train is comin' our way; get on board now! They said the Zion train is comin' our way; you got a ticket, so thank the Lord! Zion's train is - Zion's train is - Zion's train is - Zion's train - They said the soul train is coming our way; They said the soul train is coming our way. [fadeout] 
put it on-Bob Marley[SEP]Feel them spirit Feel them spirit Feel them spirit Lord, I thank you Lord, I thank you  Feel alright now Feel alright now Feel alright now Lord, I thank you Lord, I thank you  I'm gonna put it on, I put it on already I'm gonna put it on, and it was steady I'm gonna put it on, put it on again Good Lord, help me Good Lord, help me  I'm not boastin' I'm not boastin' I'm not boastin' Feel like toastin' Feel like toastin'  I rule my destiny, yeah I rule my destiny I rule my destiny Lord, I thank you, yeah Lord, I thank you  No more cryin' No more cryin' No more cryin' Good Lord, hear me Good Lord ... 
so much trouble in the world-Bob Marley[SEP]So much trouble in the world So much trouble in the world  Bless my eyes this morning Jah sun is on the rise once again The way earthly thin's are goin' Anything can happen.  You see men sailing on their ego trip, Blast off on their spaceship, Million miles from reality: No care for you, no care for me.  So much trouble in the world; So much trouble in the world. All you got to do: give a little (give a little), Give a little (give a little), give a little (give a little)! One more time, ye-ah! (give a little) Ye-ah! (give a little) Ye-ah! (give a little) Yeah!  So you think you've found the solution, But it's just another illusion! (So before you check out this tide), Don't leave another cornerstone Standing there behind, eh-eh-eh-eh! We've got to face the day; (Ooh) Ooh-wee, come what may: We the street people talkin', Yeah, we the people strugglin'.  Now they sitting on a time bomb; (Bomb-bomb-bomb! Bomb-bomb-bomb!) Now I know the time has come: (Bomb-bomb-bomb! Bomb-bomb-bomb!) What goes on up is coming on down, (Bomb-bomb-bomb! Bomb-bomb-bomb!) Goes around and comes around. (Bomb-bomb-bomb! Bomb-bomb-bomb!)  So much trouble in the world; So much trouble in the world; So much trouble in the world. There is so much trouble (so much trouble in the world); There is so much trouble; There is so much trouble (so much in the world); There is so much trouble; There is so much trouble in the world (so much trouble in the world); There is (so much in the world); (So much trouble in the world) 
ganja gun-Bob Marley[SEP]I'm gonna smoke'a de ganja until I go blind. You know I smoke'a de ganja all a de time. Smoke'a de ganja when I'm with friends. We gonna smoke'a de ganja until the very end.  Whoo-oo Ganja ganja Whoo-oo Ganja gun Whoo-oo Ganja ganja Whoo-oo Ganja gun  [vocal solo]  Whoo-oo Ganja ganja Whoo-oo Ganja gun Whoo-oo Ganja ganja Whoo-oo Ganja gun  Smoke'a de ganja every day Ya you gonn' smoke'a de ganja in many different ways You can smoke'a de ganja in a big fat bowl or you can smoke'a de ganja in a bong N' keep ya' very lucky you can smoke it in a bong When you smoke it in a bong, you are baked all night long Mista  Whoo-oo Ganja ganja Whoo-oo Ganja gun Whoo-oo Ganja ganja Whoo-oo Ganja gun 
jump nyabinghi-Bob Marley[SEP](Hallelu-Jah!) (Hallelu-Jah!)  Love to see when ya move in the rhythm I love to see, when you're dancin' from within! It gives great joy to feel such sweet togetherness Everyone doin' and they're doing their best Huh, it remind I of the days in Jericho When we troddin' down Jericho walls These are the days when we'll trod t'rough Babylon, (na-na, na-na) Gonna trod until Babylon falls  Sing your song yah! (Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi! ... (Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi! (Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi! ... (Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi!  We've got the herb (got it!) We've got the herb (got it!) We've got the herb (got it!) So hand I the suru board 'Cause most of all we ain't got nothing to lose. We-e-e-ey!  (Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi! (Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi! A little bit loud[er]! (Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi! (Jump, jump, jump, Nyabinghi!)  Love to see when ya groove with the riddim 'Cause I love to see, when you're dancing from within! It gives great joy to see such sweet togetherness 'Cause everyone's doin' and they're doing their best 'Cause it remind me of the days in Jericho When we troddin' down Jericho walls! These are the days when we'll trod through Babylon We keep on troddin' until Babylon falls!  (Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi! (Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi! (Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi! [fadeout] 
easy skanking-Bob Marley[SEP]Easy skanking (skankin' it easy); Easy skanking (skankin' it slow); Easy skanking (skankin' it easy); Easy skanking (skankin' it slow).  Excuse me while I light my spliff; (spliff) Good God, I gotta take a lift: (lift) From reality I just can't drift; (drift) That's why I am staying with this riff. (riff)  Take it easy (easy skankin'); Lord, I take it easy! (easy skankin'); Take it easy (easy skankin'); Got to take it easy (easy skankin'). See: we're takin' it easy (ooh-wah-da da-da) We taking it slow, (ooh-wah-da da-da) Takin' it easy (easy); Got to take it slow (slow-slow) So take it easy (easy skankin' - da-da-da-da-da-da) Wo-oh, take it easy (easy skankin') Take it easy (easy skankin' - da-da-da-da-da-da) Take it easy. (easy skankin')  Excuse me while I light my spliff; (spliff) Oh, God, I gotta take a lift: (lift) From reality I just can't drift; (drift) That's why I am staying with this riff. (riff)  Take it easy (takin' it easy); Got to take it easy (takin' it slow); Take it easy (takin' it easy); Skanky, take it easy (takin' it slow).  Tell you what: herb for my wine; (ooh-wa-da-da-da) Honey for my strong drink; (ooh-wa-da-da-da) Herb for my wine; (ooh-wa-da-da-da) Honey for my strong drink.  I shake it easy (takin' it easy); Skanky, take it easy (skankin' it slow); Take it (takin' it easy) easy; Take it (skankin' it slow) easy; Take it easy (takin' it easy); Oh-oh-ooh! (skankin' it slow); Little bit easier (takin' it easy); Skanky, take it easy (skankin' it slow). Take it easy! Take it easy! Take it easy! [fadeout] 
crazy baldheads-Bob Marley[SEP]Them crazy, them crazy - We gonna chase those crazy Baldheads out of town; Chase those crazy baldheads Out of our town.  I'n'I build a cabin; I'n'I plant the corn; Didn't my people before me Slave for this country? Now you look me with that scorn, Then you eat up all my corn.  We gonna chase those crazy - Chase them crazy - Chase those crazy baldheads out of town!  [Scat singing]  Build your penitentiary, we build your schools, Brainwash education to make us the fools. Hate is your reward for our love, Telling us of your God above.  We gonna chase those crazy - Chase those crazy bunkheads - Chase those crazy baldheads out of the yown!  [Instrumental break]  We gonna chase those crazy - Chase those crazy bunkheads - Chase those crazy baldheads out of the yown!  Here comes the conman Coming with his con plan. We won't take no bribe; We've got (to) stay alive.  We gonna chase those crazy - Chase those crazy baldheads - Chase those crazy baldheads out of the yown. 
ride natty ride-Bob Marley[SEP]Rub, rub, rubby-doo-day; Rum-pum-pum a-rum-pum-pum-pum! Dready got a job to do And he's got to fulfill that mission To see his hurt is their greatest ambition, yeah! But-a we will survive in this world of competition, 'Cause no matter what they do Natty keep on comin'through, And no matter what they say-ay-ay-ay, Natty de deh every day. yeah! Natty Dread rides again, Through the mystics of tomorrow, Natty Dread rides again: Have no fear, have no sorrow, yeah!  All and all you see a-gwan Is to fight against Rastaman. So they build their world in great confusion To force on us the devil's illusion. But the stone that the builder refuse Shall be the head cornerstone, And no matter what game they play, Eh, we got something they could never take away; We got something they could never take away:  And it's the fire (fire), it's the fire (fire) That's burning down everything: Feel that fire (fire), the fire (fire); Only the birds have their wings, yeah! No time to be deceived. Oh, brothers, you should know and not believe: Jah say this judgement - it could never be with water, No water could put out this fire (fire): This fire (fire), this fire (fire), This fire (fire), a yaga y'all! Ride, Natty, ride! Go deh, Dready, go deh, 'Cause now the fire is out of control, Panic in the city, wicked weeping for their gold! Everywhere this fiyah is burning, Destroying and melting their gold, Destroying and waisting their souls.  Go ride, Natty, ride! Go deh, Dready! Go deh!  Tell you what: now the people gather on the beach And the leader try to make a speech, But the Dreadies understandin' that it's too late: Fire is burning; Man, pull your own weight! Fiyah is burning; Man, pull your own weight! Natty Dread rides again (Natty Dread rides again); And me say, Go deh, Dready! Go deh! (go deh, go deh) Oh ride, Natty, ride! (Dread rides again) And go deh, Dready! (Go deh, go deh) Ridin' through the storm, Riding through the calm (go deh, go deh). Oh ride, Natty, ride! Go deh, Dready, go deh! Ride, Natty, ride! Go deh, Dready, do deh! [fadeout] 
midnight ravers-Bob Marley[SEP]Do-do-do. Do-do-do. Do-do-do. (You can't tell the woman from the man) No, I say you can't, 'cause they're dressed in the same pollution; (dressed in the same pollution) Their mind is confused with confusion With their problems since they've no solution: They become the midnight ravers.  Someone say: (Please, don't let me down!) Oh, please, don't let me - ee-ya-bab, oh, please don't let me down! (Midnight) Midnight ravers! (ravers) Midnight ravers! (Please don't) Oh, please, please, don't let me down, down, down, down, down! Don't let me down; Don't let me down.  I see ten thousand chariots (ah-ah-ah-ah) And they coming without horses; (coming without horses) The riders - they cover their face, (ah-ah-ah-ah) So you couldn't make them out in smoky place - (make them out in smoky places) In that musical stampede, where everyone is doing their thing. Musical stampede - people swingin'; Musical stampede. Someone say: People, ride on! (keep a-ridin'!) (keep a-ridin'!) Ride on! (keep a-ridin'!) Midnight ravers! People, ride on! (keep a-ridin'!) (keep a-ridin'!) Ride on! (keep a-ridin'!) Midnight ravers!  I can't tell my woman from the man: She is dressed in the same pollution; (dressed in the same pollution) Her mind is confused with confusion: To my problem seems there's never - never no solution!  I've become a night-life raver And I'm beggin' you, (please) please, please - oh, beel-ya-ba-ba - please don't ya let me down!  (Night-life ravers) Night-life ravers! Night-life ravers! Oh, please, please, please, please, don't let me down. Don't let me down; Don't let me down!  I see ten thousand chariots (ah-ah-ah-ah) And they coming without horses; (coming without horses) The riders they cover their face, (ah-ah-ah-ah) So you couldn't make them out in smoky place - In that musical stampede, oh! It's the musical stampede. Ride on! It's the musical stampede, some preacher say! People ride on! (keep a-ridin'!) (keep a-ridin'!) Ride on! (keep a-ridin'!) Midnight ravers! A-ride on! (keep a-ridin'!) (keep a-ridin'!) Ride on! (keep a-ridin'!) Midnight ravers! Ride on, y'all! (keep a-ridin'!) (keep a-ridin'!) Ride on! (keep a-ridin'!) Midnight ravers! Ride on! (keep a-ridin'!) (keep a-ridin'!) Don't let me down, midnight ravers! (keep a-ridin'!) Midnight ravers, don't let me down! (keep a-ridin'!) Don't let me down - don't let me down! (keep a-ridin'!) Well, I'm comin'! I got too much talkin'. 
duppy conqueror-Bob Marley[SEP]Yes, me friend, me friend Dem set me free again Yes, me friend, me friend Me deh 'pon street again  The bars could not hold me Force could not control me now They try to keep me down But God put I around  Yes, I've been accused Wrongly abused now But through the powers of the most high They've got to turn me loose  Don't try to cut me off on this bridge, now I've got to reach Mount Zion, the highest region So if you a bull-bucka, let me tell you that I'm a duppy conqueror - conqueror  Yes, me friend, me good friend Dem set me free again, mm Yes, me friend Dem turn me loose again  Don't try to cut me off on this bridge, now I've got to reach Mount Zion, the highest region So if you a bull-bucka, let me tell you that I'm a duppy conqueror - conqueror  (Yes, me friend) Me friend, me friend, me friend We deh a street again Yes, me friend, me friend, me friend Dem set me free again ... 
no woman no cry-Bob Marley[SEP]No, woman, no cry. No, woman, no cry. No, woman, no cry. No, woman, no cry.  'Cause—'cause—'cause I remember when a we used to sit In a government yard in Trenchtown, Ob—observing the hypocrites. Yeah! Mingle with the good people we meet. Yeah!  Good friends we have. Oh. Good friends we have lost along the way. Yeah! In this great future you can't forget your past. So dry your tears, I say. Yeah.  No, woman, no cry. No, woman, no cry. Eh, yeah! A little darlin', don't shed no tears. No, woman, no cry. Eh!  Said—said—said I remember when we used to sit In the government yard in Trenchtown. Yeah. And then Georgie would make the fire lights, I say, log wood burnin' through the nights. Yeah!  Then we would cook cornmeal porridge, I say, of which I'll share with you. Yeah! My feet is my only carriage And so I've got to push on through.  But while I'm gone, Everything's gonna be all right! Everything's gonna be all right! Everything's gonna be all right, yeah! Everything's gonna be all right! Everything's gonna be all right-a! Everything's gonna be all right! Everything's gonna be all right, yeah! Everything's gonna be all right!  So, no, woman, no cry. No, woman, no cry. I say, oh, little—oh, little darlin', don't shed no tears. No, woman, no cry. Eh.  No, woman—no, woman—no, woman, no cry. No, woman, no cry. One more time I got to say, Oh, little-little darlin', please don't shed no tears. No, woman, no cry. 
runaway-Del Shannon[SEP]As I walk along, I wonder A-what went wrong with our love A love that was so strong  And as I still walk on, I think of The things we've done together While our hearts were young  I'm a-walkin' in the rain Tears are fallin' and I feel the pain Wishin' you were here by me To end this misery  I wonder I wah-wah-wah-wah-wonder Why Why, why, why, why, why She ran away  And I wonder Where she will stay My little runaway A-run, run, run, run, runaway  I'm a-walkin' in the rain Tears are fallin' and I feel the pain Wishin' you were here by me To end this misery  And I wonder I wah-wah-wah-wah-wonder Why Why, why, why, why, why She ran away  And I wonder Where she will stay My little runaway A-run, run, run, run, runaway A-run, run, run, run, runaway A-run, run, run, run, runaway 
baby come back-Player[SEP]Spending all my nights, all my money going out on the town Doing anything just to get you off of my mind But when the morning comes, I'm right back where I started again And tryin' to forget you is just a waste of time  Baby come back, any kind of fool could see There was something in everything about you Baby come back, you can blame it all on me I was wrong and I just can't live without you  All day long, I'm wearing a mask of false bravado Trying to keep up a smile that hides a tear But as the sun goes down, I get that empty feeling again How I wish to God that you were here  Baby come back, oh baby, any kind of fool could see There was something in everything about you Baby come back, you can blame it all on me I was wrong and I just can't live without you, oh  Now that I put it all together, oh oh Give me the chance to make you see Have you used up all the love in your heart? Nothing left for me? Ain't there nothing left for me?  Baby come back, oh darling, any kind of fool could see There was something in everything about you Baby come back, listen baby, you can blame it all on me I was wrong and I just can't live without you I was wrong and I just can't live 
gangland-Iron Maiden[SEP]Shadows may hide you but also may be your grave You're running today maybe tomorrow you'll be saved You pray for daylight to save you for a while You wonder if your children will face the killer's smile  Dead men - tell no tales In Gangland - murders up for sale Dead men - tell no tales In Gangland - where jail birds die  Face at the window leers into your own But it's only your reflection still you tremble in your bones How long can you hide? How long 'till they come? A rat in a trap but you've got to survive  Once you were glad to be free for a while The air tasted good and the world was your friend Then came the day when the hard times began Now you're alone but alive for how long?  Dead men - tell no tales In Gangland - murders up for sale Dead men - tell no tales In Gangland - where jail birds die  A knife at your throat another body on the pile A contract to keep and it's service with a smile Murder for vengeance or murder for gain Death on the streets or a blacked out jail  Dead men - tell no tales In Gangland - murders up for sale Dead men - tell no tales In Gangland - where jail birds die  In Gangland you tell no tales 
judgement day-Iron Maiden[SEP]There are no marks upon a man That can say he's good or bad No label and no tell tale sign That can show he's full of lies  By your deeds you will be known Time will tell truth will show As we exhale every breath We all got closer to our death  What will you say What will you say On judgement day On judgement day  When you look into their eyes You don't know what they hide No label and no tell tale sign That can show he's full of lies  By your deeds you will be known Time will tell truth will show As we exhale every breath We all got closer to our death  What will you say What will you say On judgement day On judgement day  Ignorance is bliss is that the reason We can not read another's mind If we knew what thoughts were dancing Through each others heads Would we all be driven mad Would we all be dead  By your deeds you will be known Time will tell truth will show As we exhale every breath We all got closer to our death  What will you say What will you say On judgement day On judgement day 
black bart blues-Iron Maiden[SEP][Spoken intro] [Bruce] 'What the fuck is that?' [Nerd] 'Hi, guys, are you in a band or something? I mean it would be so cool if you were in a band 'cos you're Driving a big bus with band on the front of it' [Bruce] 'Why don't you shut up and get on board will ya?' [Nerd] 'Wow! I have it here you got a stereo and a microwave And, and you got a beer, I'd like a Heineken if you've got one' that's real cool, that's great, yeah!' [Bruce] 'Would you like to see Black Bart?' [Nerd] 'Who's Black Bart?' [Bruce] 'Let me introduce you'  Black Bart's seen it Black Bart knows Black Bart's done it The Black Bart blues Suspended in suspension Many evil nights in Tennessee, and elsewhere We all got to try the Black Bart blues  Black Bart's truckin' ain't what it seems Black Bart's lookin' Don't know where she's been Maybe she's an acrobat Spends her evenings dancing on a pole We all got to try the Black Bart blues Black Bart tried most anything Black Bart liked it but he couldn't sing So he asked me to tell ya Try it for yourself and you will see We all got to try the Black Bart blues  [spoken] [Bruce] 'What did you do that for?' [Nerd] 'I'm sorry, I just..., I guess I'm not used to... [Bruce] 'Shut up and get on with it will you'  Black Bart's livin' across the ocean now Black Bart's lookin' to come back somehow So if you are a dancer, You could dance his pole in May That's a maypole  Black Bart's coming Now Black Bart's gone Black Bart did it so I wrote this song Whatever and however, In and out or several at a time mmm yes! We all got to do the Black Bart blues Here comes the guitar solo  We all got to try the Black Bart blues Yowsa! Yowsa! Yowsa! 
revelations-Iron Maiden[SEP]"O God of Earth and Altar Bow down and hear our cry Our earthly rulers falter Our people drift and die The walls of gold entomb us The swords of scorn divide Take not thy thunder from us Take away our pride" [G.K. Chesterton: English Hymnal]  Just a babe in a black abyss No reason for a place like this The walls are cold and souls cry out in pain An easy way for the blind to go A clever path for the fools who know The secret of the Hanged Man - the smile on his lips  The light of the Blind - you'll see The venom tears my spine The Eyes of the Nile are opening - you'll see  She came to me with a serpent's kiss As the Eye of the Sun rose on her lips Moonlight catches silver tears I cry So we lay in a black embrace And the Seed is sown in a holy place And I watched, and I waited for the Dawn  The light of the Blind - you'll see The venom that tears my spine The Eyes of the Nile are opening - you'll see  Go  Bind all of us together Ablaze with Hope and Free No storm or heavy weather Will rock the boat you'll see The time has come to close your eyes And still the wind and rain For the one who will be King Is the Watcher in the Ring It is You It is You 
the nomad (rock mix)-Iron Maiden[SEP]Like a mirage riding on the desert sand Like a vision floating with the desert winds Know the secret of the ancient desert lands Your are the keeper of the mystery in your hands  Nomad, rider of the ancient east Nomad, rider that men know the least Nomad, where you come from no one knows Nomad, where you go to no one tells  Undercover of the veil of your disguise The men that fear you are the ones that you despise No one's certain what you future will behold You're a legend you own story will be told  Nomad, rider of the ancient east Nomad, rider that men know the least Nomad, where you come from no one knows Nomad, where you go to no one tells  No one dares to even look or glance your way Your reputation goes before you they all say Like a spirit that can disappear at will Many claim of things but no one's seen you kill  Nomad, you're the rider so mysterious Nomad, you're the spirit that men fear in us Nomad, you're the rider of the desert sands No man's ever understood your genius  Those who see you in horizon desert sun Those who fear your reputation hide or run You send before you a mystique that's all your own Your silhouette is like a statue carved in stone  Nomad, you're the rider so mysterious Nomad, you're the spirit that men fear in us Nomad, you're the rider of the desert sands No man ever understood your genius  Legend has it that you speak an ancient tongue But no one's spoke to you and lived to tell the tale Some may say that you have killed a hundred men Others say that you have died and live again  Nomad, you're the rider so mysterious Nomad, you're the spirit that men fear in us Nomad, you're the rider of the desert sands No man ever understood your genius 
starblind-Iron Maiden[SEP]Take my eyes the things I've seen in this world coming to an end My reflection fades, I'm weary of these earthly bones and skin You may pass through me and leave no trace, I have no mortal face Solar winds are whispering, you may hear me call  We can shed our skins and swim into the darkened void beyond We will dance among the world that orbit stars that aren't our sun All the oxygen that trapped us in a carbon spider's web Solar winds are whispering, you may hear the sirens of the dead  Left the elders to their parley meant to satisfy our lust Leaving Damocles still hanging over all their promised trust Walk away from freedoms offered by their jailers in their cage Step into the light startripping over mortals in their rage  Starblind - with sun The stars are one We are the light that brings the end of night  Starblind - with sun The stars are one We are, with the Goddess of the sun tonight  The preacher loses face with Christ Religion's cruel device is gone Empty flesh and hallow bones Make pacts of love but die alone  The crucible of pain will forge The blanks of sin, begin again You are free to choose a life to live Or one that's left to lose  Virgins in the teeth of God are meat and drink to feed the damned You may pass through me and I will feel the life that you live less Step into my light startripping, we will rage against the night Walk away from comfort offered by your citizens of death  Starblind - with sun The stars are one We are the light that brings the end of night  Starblind - with sun The stars are one We're one with the goddess of the sun tonight  Take my eyes for what I've seen I will give my sight to you You are free to choose whatever Life to live or life to lose  Whatever God, you know He knows you, better than you believe In your once and future grave You'll fall endlessly deceived  Look into our face reflected in the moon glow in your eyes Remember you can choose to look but not to see and waste your hours You believe you have the time but I tell you your time is short See your past and future all the same and it cannot be bought  Starblind - with sun The stars are one We are the light that brings the end of night  Starblind - with sun The stars are one We're one with the Goddess of the sun tonight  Take my eyes for what I've seen I will give my sight to you You are free to choose whatever Life to live or life to lose  Whatever God you know He knows you better than you believe In your once and future grave You'll fall endlessly deceived  The preacher loses face with Christ Religion's cruel device is gone Empty flesh and hollow bones Make pacts of love but die alone  The crucible of pain will forge The blanks of sin, begin again You are free to choose a life to live Or one that's left to lose 
the wicker man (live)-Iron Maiden[SEP]Hand of fate is moving and the finger points to you He knocks you to your feet and so what are you gonna do Your tongue has frozen now you've got something to say The piper at the gates of dawn is calling you his way  You watch the world exploding every single night Dancing in the sun a newborn in the light Say goodbye to gravity and say goodbye to death Hello to eternity and live for every breath  Your time will come, your time will come Your time will come, your time will come  The ferryman wants his money you ain't going to give it back He can push his own boat as you set up off the track Nothing you can contemplate will ever be the same Every second is a new spark, sets the universe aflame  You watch the world exploding every single night Dancing in the sun a newborn in the light Brothers and their fathers joining hands and make a chain The shadow of the Wicker Man is rising up again  Your time will come, your time will come Your time will come, your time will come  Your time will come, your time will come Your time will come, your time will come Your time will come, your time will come Your time will come, your time will come 
flight of icarus-Iron Maiden[SEP]As the sun breaks, above the ground An old man stands on the hill As the ground warms, to the first rays of light A birdsong shatters the still  His eyes are ablaze See the madman in his gaze  Fly on your way, like an eagle Fly as high as the sun On your way, like an eagle Fly and touch the sun  Now the crowd breaks and a young boy appears Looks the old man in the eye As he spreads his wings and shouts at the crowd In the name of God my father I fly  His eyes seem so glazed As he flies on the wings of a dream Now he knows his father betrayed Now his wings turn to ashes to ashes his grave  Fly on your way, like an eagle Fly as high as the sun On your way, like an eagle Fly, touch the sun  Yeah Fly, on your way, like an eagle Fly as high as the sun On your way, like an eagle Fly as high as the sun On your way, like an eagle Fly, touch the sun On your way, like an eagle Fly  Fly as high as the sun 
run to the hills-Iron Maiden[SEP]White man came across the sea He brought us pain and misery He killed our tribes, he killed our creed He took our game for his own need  We fought him hard we fought him well Out on the plains we gave him hell But many came too much for Cree Oh will we ever be set free?  Riding through dust clouds and barren wastes Galloping hard on the plains Chasing the redskins back to their holes Fighting them at their own game Murder for freedom the stab in the back Women and children are cowards attack  Run to the hills, run for your lives Run to the hills, run for your lives  Soldier blue in the barren wastes Hunting and killing their game Raping the women and wasting the men The only good Indians are tame Selling them whiskey and taking their gold Enslaving the young and destroying the old  Run to the hills, run for your lives Run to the hills, run for your lives  Run to the hills, run for your lives Run to the hills, run for your lives Run to the hills, run for your lives Run to the hills, run for your lives 
remember tomorrow-Iron Maiden[SEP]Unchain the colours before my eyes, Yesterday's sorrows, tomorrow's white lies. Scan the horizon, the clouds take me higher, I shall return from out of fire.  Tears for rememberance, and tears for joy, Tears for somebody and this lonely boy. Out in the madness, the all seeing eye, Flickers above us, to light up the sky.  Unchain the colours before my eyes, Yesterday's sorrows, tomorrow's white lies. Scan the horizon, the clouds take me higher, I shall return from out of fire. 
to tame a land-Iron Maiden[SEP]He is the King of all the land In the Kingdom of the sands Of a time tomorrow  He rules the sand worms and the Fremen In the land amongst the stars Of an age tomorrow  He is destined to be a King He rules over everything On the land called planet Dune  Bodywater is your life And without in you would die On the desert the planet Dune  Without a stillsuit you would fry On the sands so hot and dry In a world called Arrakis  It is a land that's rich in spice The sandriders and the 'mice' That they call the 'Muad' Dib'  He is the Kwizatz Haderach He is born of Caladan And will take the Gom Jabbar  He has the power to foresee Or to look into the past He is the ruler of the stars  The time will come for him To lay claim his crown And then the foe yes They'll be cut down You'll see he'll be the Best that there's been Messiah supreme True leader of men And when the time For judgement's at hand Don't fret he's strong And he'll make a stand Against evil the fire That spreads through the land He has the power To make it all end 
22 acacia avenue-Iron Maiden[SEP][the continuing saga of Charlotte the Harlot]  If you're feeling down depressed and lonely I know a place where we can go 22 Acacia Avenue meet a lady that I know So if you're looking for a good time And you're prepared to pay the price Fifteen quid is all she asks for Everybody's got their vice  If you're waiting for a long time for the rest to do their piece You can tell her that you know me and you might even get it free So any time you're down the East End don't you hesitate to go You can take my honest word for it she'll teach you more than you can know  Charlotte can't you get out from all of this madness Can't you see it only brings you sadness When you entertain your men don't you know the risk of getting disease  Some day when you're reaching the age of forty I bet you'll regret the days when you were laying Nobody then will want to know You won't have any beautiful wares to show any more  22 the avenue that's the place where we all go You will find it's warm inside the red light's burning bright tonight  Charlotte isn't it time you stopped this mad life Don't you ever think about the bad times Why do you have to live this way Do you enjoy your lay or is it the pay  Sometimes when you're strolling down the avenue The way you walk it makes men think of having you When you're walking down the street Everybody stops and turns to stare at you  22 the avenue that's the place where we all go You will find it's warm inside the red light's burning bright tonight  Beat her mistreat her do anything that you please Bite her excite her make her get down on her knees Abuse her misuse her she can take all that you've got Caress her molest her she always does what you want  You're running away don't you know what you're doing Can't you see it'll lead you to ruin Charlotte you've taken your life and you've thrown it away You believe that because what you're earning Your life's good don't you know that you're hurting All the people that love you don't cast them aside All the men that are constantly drooling It's no life for you stop all that screwing You're packing your bags and you're coming with me 
no prayer for the dying-Iron Maiden[SEP]There are times when I've wondered And times when I've cried When my prayers they were answered At times when I've lied But if you asked me a question Would I tell you the truth Now there's something to bet on You've got nothing to lose  When I've sat by the window And gazed at the rain With an ache in my heart But never feeling the pain And if you would tell me Just what my life means Walking a long road Never reaching the end  God give me the answer to my life God give me the answer to my dreams God give me the answer to my prayers God give me the answer to my being 
back in the village-Iron Maiden[SEP]Turn the spotlights on the people Switch the dial and eat the worm Take your chances, kill the engine Drop your bombs and let it burn  White flags shot to ribbons, The truce in Black and Burned. Shellshock in the kitchen. Tables overturned  [Chorus:] Back in the village again In the village, I'm back in the village again.  Throwing dice now, rolling loaded I see sixes all the way, In a black hole and I'm spinning As my wings get shot away.  Questions are a burden And answers are a prison for oneself Shellshock in the kitchen Tables start to burn.  [Chorus:] Back in the village again In the village, I'm back in the village again.  No breaks on the inside, Paper cats and burning barns, There's fox among the chickens, And a killer in the hounds.  Questions are a burden And answers are a prison for oneself Shellshock in the kitchen Tables start to burn.  [Chorus:] Back in the village again In the village, I'm back in the village again.  But still we walk into the valley And others try to kill the inner flame We're burning brighter than before I don't have a number, I'M A NAME!  Back in the village again In the village I'm back in the village again Back in the village again In the village  I'm back in the village Back in the village Back in the village again. 
when the river runs deep-Iron Maiden[SEP]Look for something that is hard to find Searching somewhere deep inside your mind Hope you find just what you're looking for Heaven's waiting with an open door  If you should sell your soul as cheaply as I did then The road to ruin is a long road to hide in We signed our lives away to have an escape It's something that will be whatever our fate There's no use in hiding Got to keep on trying Can't take no more lying This is the last There's no time for crying When some of us are dying None of us decide what is our fate  Now with nothing to hide going nowhere Take my chances and stand by their sides When the river runs deep And the line breaks And the blood it flows Free from our lives  Is this the last together maybe this time now We stand together and we're holding the line here There's nothing we can do just sit here and wait The die is cast that is deciding our fate  There's no use in hiding Got to keep on trying Can't take no more lying This is the last There's no time for crying When some of us are dying None of us decide What is our fate  Now with nothing to hide going nowhere Take my chances and stand by their sides When the river runs deep And the line breaks And the blood it flows Free from our lives Now with nothing to hide going nowhere Take my chances and stand by their sides When the river runs deep And the line breaks And the blood it flows Free from our lives  Now with nothing to hide going nowhere Take my chances and stand by their sides When the river runs deep And the line breaks And the blood it flows Free from our lives Now with nothing to hide going nowhere Take my chances and stand by their sides When the river runs deep And the line breaks And the blood it flows Free from our lives 
prodigal son-Iron Maiden[SEP]Listen to me Lamia, listen to what I've got to say. I've got these feelings, and they won't go away. I've got these fears inside that'll bring me to my knees. Oh help me Lamia or I'm sure I'll die, oh please.  I feel unsettled, now I know that I've done wrong. I've messed around with mystic things and magic for too long. I feel I'm being paid with this nightmare inside me, The devil's got a hold on my soul and he just won't let me be.  I'm on my knees, oh help me please. I'm on my knees, help me please.  Oh Lamia please try to help me. The devil's got a hold of my soul and he won't let me be. Lamia I've got this curse, I'm turning to bad. The devil's got a hold of my soul, and it's driving me mad. Oh  Oh Lamia please try to help me. The devil's got a hold of my soul and he won't let me be. Lamia I've got this curse, I'm turning to bad. The devil's got a hold of my soul, and it's driving me mad. Oh 
ghost of the navigator-Iron Maiden[SEP]I have sailed to many lands, now I make my final journey On the bow I stand, west is where I go Through the night I plough, still my heart, calculate and pray As the compass swings, my will is strong, I will not be led astray Mysteries of time clouds that hide the sun But I know, but I know, but I know  I see the ghosts of navigators but they are lost As they sail into the sunset they'll count the cost As their skeletons accusing emerge from the sea The sirens of the rocks, they beckon me  Take my heart and set it free, carried forward by the waves Nowhere left to run, navigator's son, Chasing rainbows all my days  Where I go I do not know, I only know the place I've been Dreams they come and go, ever shall be so, Nothing's real until you feel  I steer between the crashing rocks, the sirens call my name Lash my hands onto the helm, blood surging with the strain I will not fail now as sunrise comes the darkness left behind For eternity I follow on there is no other way Mysteries of time clouds that hide the sun But I know, I know  I see the ghosts of navigators but they are lost As they sail into the sunset they'll count the cost As their skeletons accusing emerge from the sea The sirens of the rocks, they beckon me  Take my heart and set it free, carried forward by the waves Nowhere left to run, Navigator's son Chasing rainbows all my days  Where I go I do not know, I only know the place I've been Dreams they come and go, ever shall be so Nothing's real until you feel  I see the ghosts of navigators but they are lost As they sail into the sunset they'll count the cost As their skeletons accusing emerge from the sea The sirens of the rocks, they beckon me  Take my heart and set it free, carried forward by the waves Nowhere left to run, Navigator's son Chasing rainbows all my days  Where I go I do not know, I only know the place I've been Dreams they come and go, ever shall be so Nothing's real until you feel 
another life-Iron Maiden[SEP]As I lay here lying on my bed, sweet voices come into my head. Oh what it is, I wanna know, please won't you tell me it's got to go. There's a feeling that's inside me, telling me to get away. But I'm so tired of living, I might as well end today.  [Repeat twice] 
twilight zone-Iron Maiden[SEP]She lays in bed at night and that is when I make my call. But when she stares at me, she can't see nothing at all, Because, you see, I can't take no shape or form. It's been three long years since I've been gone.  I can't get used to purgatory, you know it really makes me cry. I'll never know the reason why I had to go. Oh, oh, I'm crying, Oh, oh, oh, deep inside of me. Oh, oh, oh, can't you see me? Ah can't you see me?  I'm looking forward to her spirit coming over to me. I feel tempted to bring her over to see just what it's Like to be hanging on the other side. I feel so lonely, it's a long time since I died.  I try to show her that she's never gonna be alone, Because my spirit is imprisoned in the twilight zone. Oh, oh, I'm crying, Oh, oh, oh, deep inside of me. Oh, oh, oh, can't you hear me? Ah can't you see me? 
can i play with madness?-Iron Maiden[SEP]Can I play with madness?  Give me the sense to wonder To wonder if I'm free Give me a sense of wonder To know I can be me Give me the strength to hold my head up Spit back in their face Don't need no key to unlock this door Gonna break down the walls Break out of this bad place  [Chorus] Can I play with madness? The prophet stared at his crystal ball Can I play with madness? There's no vision there at all Can I play with madness? The prophet looked at me and laughed at me (ha ha) He said: Can I play with madness? He said you're blind, too blind to see  Said you're too blind to see  I screamed aloud to the old man I said don't lie, don't say you don't know I say you'll pay for this mischief In this world or the next Oh and then he fixed me with a freezing glance And the hell fires raged in his eyes He said you wanna know the truth son? Lord, I'll tell you the truth Your soul's gonna burn in a lake of fire  [Chorus]  Listen to me, said the prophet  [Chorus]  Can I play with madness? 
always be my baby-Mariah Carey[SEP]Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby,  We were as one, babe For a moment in time And it seemed everlasting That you would always be mine Now you wanna be free So I'll let you fly 'Cause I know in my heart, babe Our love will never die, no  You'll always be a part of me I'm a part of you indefinitely Boy, don't you know you can't escape me? Ooh, darling, 'cause you'll always be my baby And we'll linger on Time can't erase a feeling this strong No way you're never gonna shake me Ooh, darling, 'cause you'll always be my baby  I ain't gonna cry, no And I won't beg you to stay If you're determined to leave, boy I will not stand in your way But inevitably You'll be back again 'Cause you know in your heart, babe Our love will never end, no  You'll always be a part of me I'm a part of you indefinitely Boy, don't you know you can't escape me? Ooh, darling, 'cause you'll always be my baby And we'll linger on Time can't erase a feeling this strong No way you're never gonna shake me Ooh, darling, 'cause you'll always be my baby  I know that you'll be back, boy When your days and your nights get a little bit colder I know that you'll be right back, baby Oh, baby, believe me it's only a matter of time, time  You'll always be a part of me I'm a part of you indefinitely Boy, don't you know you can't escape me? Ooh, darling, 'cause you'll always be my baby And we'll linger on, and we will linger on Time can't erase a feeling this strong No way you're never gonna shake me, ooh, baby Ooh, darling, 'cause you'll always be my baby  You'll always be a part of me I'm a part of you indefinitely Boy, don't you know you can't escape me? Ooh, darling, 'cause you'll always be my baby And we'll linger on You and I will always be! Time can't erase a feeling this strong You and I No way you're never gonna shake me You and I Ooh, darling, 'cause you'll always be my baby  You and I will always be No way you'll never gonna shake me No way you'll never gonna shake me You and I will always be 
we belong together-Mariah Carey[SEP]Sweet love  I didn't mean it When I said I didn't love you so I should've held on tight I never should've let you go  I didn't know nothing I was stupid I was foolish I was lying to myself  I could not fathomed that I would ever be without your love Never imagined I'd be sitting here beside myself  'Cause I didn't know you 'Cause I didn't know me But I thought I knew everything I never felt  The feeling that I'm feeling Now that I don't hear your voice Or have your touch and kiss your lips 'Cause I don't have a choice Oh, what I wouldn't give to have you lying by my side right here 'Cause baby  When you left I lost a part of me It's still so hard to believe Come back baby please 'Cause we belong together  Who else am I gonna lean on when times get rough? Who's gonna talk to me on the phone 'til the sun comes up? Who's gonna take your place? There ain't nobody better Oh baby, baby We belong together  I can't sleep at night When you are on my mind Bobby Womack's on the radio Singing to me 'If you think you're lonely now' Wait a minute This is too deep, too deep I gotta change the station  So I turn the dial Tryna catch a break And then I hear Babyface I only think of you And it's breaking my heart I'm tryna keep it together But I'm falling apart  I'm feeling all out of my element I'm throwing things Crying Trying to figure out Where the hell I went wrong The pain reflected in this song Ain't even half of what I'm feeling inside I need you need you back in my life, baby (in my life, in my life)  When you left I lost a part of me It's still so hard to believe Come back baby please 'Cause we belong together  Who else am I gonna lean on when times get rough? Who's gonna talk to me on the phone 'til the sun comes up? Who's gonna take your place? There ain't nobody better Oh baby, baby We belong together, baby!  When you left I lost a part of me It's still so hard to believe Come back, baby, please 'Cause we belong together  Who am I gonna lean on when times get rough? Who's gonna talk to me 'til the sun comes up? Who's gonna take your place? There ain't nobody better Oh baby, baby We belong together 
hero-Mariah Carey[SEP]There's a hero If you look inside your heart You don't have to be afraid Of what you are There's an answer If you reach into your soul And the sorrow that you know Will melt away  And then a hero comes along With the strength to carry on And you cast your fears aside And you know you can survive So when you feel like hope is gone Look inside you and be strong And you'll finally see the truth That a hero lies in you  It's a long road When you face the world alone No one reaches out a hand For you to hold You can find love If you search within yourself And the emptiness you felt Will disappear  And then a hero comes along With the strength to carry on And you cast your fears aside And you know you can survive So when you feel like hope is gone Look inside you and be strong And you'll finally see the truth That a hero lies in you  Lord knows Dreams are hard to follow But don't let anyone Tear them away Hold on There will be tomorrow In time You'll find the way  And then a hero comes along With the strength to carry on And you cast your fears aside And you know you can survive So when you feel like hope is gone Look inside you and be strong And you'll finally see the truth That a hero lies in you That a hero lies in you That a hero lies in you 
one sweet day-Mariah Carey[SEP]Sorry, I never told you All I wanted to say And now it's too late to hold you 'Cause you've flown away So far away  Never had I imagined Living without your smile Feeling and knowing you hear me It keeps me alive Alive  And I know you're shining down on me from heaven Like so many friends we've lost along the way And I know eventually we'll be together, together One sweet day And I'll wait patiently to see you in heaven  Darling, I never showed you I never showed you Assumed you'd always be there I thought you'd always be there I, I took your presence for granted But I always cared But I always cared And I miss the love we shared  And I know you're shining down on me from heaven Like so many friends we've lost along the way And I know eventually we'll be together I know we'll be together One sweet day And all that I know is I'll wait patiently to see you in heaven  Although the sun will never shine the same I'll always look to a brighter day Lord, I know when I lay me down to sleep You will always listen as I pray  And I know you're shining down on me from heaven Like so many friends we've lost along the way And I know eventually we'll be together Yes, I know One sweet day One sweet day  And I know you're shining down on me from heaven I'll see you eventually Like so many friends we've lost along the way I know you're looking down from heaven And I know eventually we'll be together I know, I know Yes, we will One sweet day One sweet day Patiently to see you in heaven  Sorry, I never told you All I wanted to say 
the rose-Bette Midler[SEP]Some say, "Love. It is a river That drowns the tender reed" Some say, "Love. It is a razor That leaves your soul to bleed" Some say, "Love. It is a hunger An endless aching need" I say, "Love. It is a flower And you its only seed"  It's the heart afraid of breaking That never learns to dance It's the dream afraid of waking That never takes the chance It's the one who won't be taken Who cannot seem to give And the soul afraid of dyin' That never learns to live  When the night has been too lonely And the road has been too long And you think that love is only For the lucky and the strong Just remember in the winter Far beneath the bitter snow Lies the seed that with the sun's love In the spring becomes the rose 
best of my love-Emotions[SEP]Doesn't take much to make me happy And make me smile with glee Never never will I feel discouraged Cause our love's no mystery Demonstrating love and affection That you give so openly yeah I like the way you make me feel about you baby Want the whole wide world to see  Whoa whoa, you got the best of my love Whoa whoa, you got the best of my love Whoa whoa, you got the best of my love Whoa whoa, you got the best of my love  Goin' in and out of changes The kind that come around each day My life has a better meaning Love has kissed me in a beautiful way  And oh yea (my love, my love) Oh yea (my love, my love)  Oh, you got the best of my love Whoa whoa, you got the best of my love Whoa whoa, you got the best of my love Whoa whoa, you got the best of my love  Demonstrating sweet love and affection That you give so openly yeah The way I feel about you baby can't explain it Want the whole wide world to see  Oh, but in my heart You're all I need You for me and me for you (my love, my love) Oh, it's growin' every day, oh (my love, my love)  Oh, oh oh oh oh oh You've got the best of my love Oh, oh oh oh oh oh You've got the best of my love Oh, givin' you the best of my love My love, my love, my love Oh, givin' you the best of my love My love, my love, oh yeah Oh, oh oh oh oh oh You've got the best of my love Oh, oh oh oh oh oh You've got the best of my love Oh, givin' you the best of my love Oh, givin' you the best of my love 
promiscuous-Nelly Furtado[SEP]Am I throwing you off? Nope Didn't think so  How you doing, young lady? That feelin' that you givin' really drives me crazy You don't have a player on the choke I was at a loss of words first time that we spoke  You're looking for a girl that'll treat you right You lookin' for her in the day time with the light You might be the type if I play my cards right I'll find out by the end of the night  You expect me to just let you hit it But will you still respect me if you get it All I can do is try, gimme one chance What's the problem I don't see no ring on your hand  I be the first to admit it, I'm curious about you, you seem so innocent  You wanna get in my world, get lost in it Boy I'm tired of running, let's walk for a minute  Promiscuous girl wherever you are I'm all alone and it's you that I want Promiscuous boy you already know That I'm all yours what you waiting for?  Promiscuous girl you're teasing me You know what I want and I got what you need Promiscuous boy let's get to the point 'Cause we're on a roll are you ready?  Roses are red Some diamonds are blue Chivalry is dead But you're still kinda cute  Hey! I can't keep my mind off you Where you at? Do you mind if I come through?  I'm out of this world come with me to my planet Get you on my level. Do you think that you can handle it?  They call me Thomas Last name Crowne Recognize game I'mma lay mine's down  I'm a big girl I can handle myself But if I get lonely I'mma need your help Pay attention to me I don't talk for my health  I want you on my team So does everybody else.  Baby we can keep it on the low Let your guard down ain't nobody gotta know If you with it girl I know a place we can go  What kind of girl do you take me for?  Promiscuous girl, wherever you are I'm all alone, and it's you that I want Promiscuous boy, you already know That I'm all yours, what you waiting for?  Promiscuous girl, you're teasing me You know what I want, and I got what you need Promiscuous boy, let's get to the point 'Cause we're on a roll, you ready?  Don't be mad, don't get mean Don't get mad, don't be mean Hey! Don't be mad, don't get mean Don't get mad, don't be mean  Wait! I don't mean no harm I can see you with my T-shirt on  I can see you with nothing on Feeling on me before you bring that on  Bring that on? You know what I mean  Girl, I'm a freak you shouldn't say those things  I'm only trying to get inside of your brain To see if you can work me the way you say  It's OK, it's alright I got something that you gon' like  Hey is that the truth or are you talking trash? Is your game M.V.P. like Steve Nash?  Promiscuous girl wherever you are I'm all alone and it's you that I want Promiscuous boy I'm calling your name But you're driving me crazy the way you're making me wait  Promiscuous girl you're teasing me You know what I want and I got what you need Promiscuous boy we're one and the same So we don't gotta play games no more 
next to you-Police[SEP]I can't stand it for another day When you live so many miles away. Nothing here is gonna make me stay, (You) took me over, let me find a way.  I sold my house I sold my motor, too. All I want is to be Next To You. I'd rob a bank Maybe steal a plane. You took me over, Think I'm goin' insane.  What can I do, All I want is to be next to you. What can I do, All I want is to be next to you.  I've had a thousand girls or maybe more, But I've never felt like this before. But I just don't know what's come over me, You took me over, take a look at me.  What can I do, All I want is to be next to you. What can I do, All I want is to be next to you.  All I want is to be next to you, All I want is to be next to you, All I want is to be next to you.  So many times I used to give a sign Got this feeling, gonna lose my mind. When all it is is just a love affair. You took me over baby, take me there.  What can I do All I want is to be next to you What can I do All I want is to be next to you What can I do All I want is to be next to you What can I do All I want is to be next to you.  All I want is to be next to you... 
walking on the moon-Police[SEP]Giant steps are what you take Walking on the moon I hope my legs don't break Walking on the moon We could walk forever Walking on the moon We could live together Walking on, walking on the moon  Walking back from your house Walking on the moon Walking back from your house Walking on the moon Feet they hardly touch the ground Walking on the moon My feet don't hardly make no sound Walking on, walking on the moon  Some may say I'm wishing my days away No way And if it's the price I pay Some say Tomorrow's another day You stay I may as well play  Giant steps are what you take Walking on the moon I hope my legs don't break Walking on the moon We could walk forever Walking on the moon We could be together Walking on, walking on the moon  Some may say I'm wishing my days away No way And if it's the price I pay Some say Tomorrow's another day You stay I may as well play  Keep it up, keep it up [ad infinitum] 
every breath you take-Police[SEP]Every breath you take Every move you make Every bond you break Every step you take I'll be watching you.  Every single day Every word you say Every game you play Every night you stay I'll be watching you.  Oh can't you see You belong to me? How my poor heart aches with every step you take.  Every move you make Every vow you break Every smile you fake Every claim you stake I'll be watching you.  Since you've gone I've been lost without a trace. I dream at night, I can only see your face. I look around but it's you I can't replace. I feel so cold, and I long for your embrace. I keep crying baby, baby, please...  Oh can't you see You belong to me? How my poor heart aches with every step you take.  Every move you make Every vow you break Every smile you fake Every claim you stake I'll be watching you.  Every move you make Every step you take I'll be watching you...  I'll be watching you  [Background:] Every breath you take Every move you make Every bond you break Every step you take I'll be watching you.  Every single day Every word you say Every game you play Every night you stay I'll be watching you.  Every move you make Every vow you break Every smile you fake Every claim you stake I'll be watching you.  Every single day Every word you say Every game you play Every night you stay I'll be watching you  Every breath you take Every move you make Every bond you break Every step you take I'll be watching you. 
omegaman-Police[SEP]The night came down, jungle sounds were in my ears City screams are all I've heard in twenty years The razor's edge of night, it cuts into my sleep I sit upon the edge now Shall I make that leap?  I'm the Omegaman I'm the Omegaman  The sky's alive with turned on television sets I walk the streets and seek another vision yet The echo makes me turn to see that last frontier The edge of time closes down as I disappear  I'm the Omegaman I'm the Omegaman I'm the Omegaman I'm the Omegaman Always talking to myself Oh!  The time that's best is when surroundings fade away The presense of another world comes close to me It's time for me to throw away this paper knife I'm not alone in reaching for a perfect life  I'm the Omegaman I'm the Omegaman I'm the Omegaman I'm the Omegaman  I'm so tired Of the Omegaman [to fade] 
it's alright for you-Police[SEP]Wake up Make up Bring it up Shake up Stand by Don't cry Watching while the world die  Big car Movie star Hot tip Go far Blind date Too late Take a bus Don't wait  It's alright for you It's alright for you It's alright for you For you and you and you and you and you  It's alright for you It's alright for you It's alright for you For you and you and you  Limp wrist Tight fist Contact No twist Black dress No mess Mm, don't want no less [No less]  Stand by Don't cry Watching while the world die Three lane Fast lane Standing in the cold rain  It's alright for you It's alright for you It's alright for you For you and you and you and you and you  It's alright for you It's alright for you It's alright for you For you  Headlight High life Can't sleep Good night Up tight Big fight Big deal Too right [Too right]  Big town Don't drown Jump back Turn around No life Flick knife Finish off my life  It's alright for you It's alright for you It's alright for you For you and you and you and you and you  It's alright for you It's alright for you It's alright for you For you 
tea in the sahara-Police[SEP]My sisters and I Have this wish before we die. And it may sound strange As if our minds are deranged. Please don't ask us why Beneath the sheltering sky We have this strange obsession You have the means in your possession.  We want our tea in the Sahara with you. We want our tea in the Sahara with you.  The young man agreed He would satisfy their need So they danced for his pleasure With a joy you could not measure. They would wait for him here The same place every year. Beneath the sheltering sky Across the desert he would fly.  Tea in the Sahara with you. Tea in the Sahara with you.  The sky turned to black- Would he ever come back? They would climb a high dune They would pray to the moon. But he'd never return, So the sisters would burn As their eyes searched the land With their cups full of sand.  Tea in the Sahara with you. Tea in the Sahara with you.......... 
hole in my life-Police[SEP]Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah  There's a hole In my life There's a hole In my life  Shadow in my heart Is tearing me apart Or maybe it's just something In my stars  There's a hole In my life There's a hole In my life  Be a happy man I try the best I can Or maybe I'm just looking For too much  There's something missing from my life Cuts me open like a knife It leaves me vulnerable I have this disease I shake like an incurable God help me please  Oh, there's a hole In my life There's a hole In my life  Yeah... 
synchronicity ii-Police[SEP]Another suburban family morning. Grandmother screaming at the wall.  We have to shout above the din of our Rice Crispies We can't hear anything at all. Mother chants her litany of boredom and frustration, But we know all her suicides are fake.  Daddy only stares into the distance There's only so much more that he can take. Many miles away something crawls from the slime At the bottom of a dark Scottish lake.  Another industrial ugly morning The factory belches filth into the sky. He walks unhindered through the picket lines today, He doesn't think to wonder why. The secretaries pout and preen like cheap tarts in a red light street, But all he ever thinks to do is watch. And every single meeting with his so-called superior Is a humiliating kick in the crotch. Many miles away something crawls to the surface Of a dark Scottish loch.  Another working day has ended. Only the rush hour hell to face. Packed like lemmings into shiny metal boxes. Contestants in a suicidal race. Daddy grips the wheel and stares alone into the distance, He knows that something somewhere has to break. He sees the family home now looming in his headlights, The pain upstairs that makes his eyeballs ache. Many miles away there's a shadow on the door Of a cottage on the shore Of a dark Scottish lake Many miles away [7x] 
so lonely-Police[SEP]Well someone told me yesterday That when you throw your love away You act as if you just don't care You look as if you're going somewhere  But I just can't convince myself I couldn't live with no one else And I can only play that part And sit and nurse my broken heart  So lonely So lonely So lonely So lonely  So lonely So lonely So lonely  So lonely So lonely So lonely  So lonely So lonely  Now no one's knocked upon my door For a thousand years or more All made up and nowhere to go Welcome to this one man show  Just take a seat they're always free No surprise no mystery In this theatre that I call my soul I always play the starring role  So lonely So lonely So lonely So lonely  So lonely So lonely So lonely  So lonely So lonely So lonely  So lonely So lonely  (guitar solo)  So lonely So lonely So lonely So lonely  So lonely So lonely So lonely  Lonely, I'm so lonely I feel so alone I feel low I feel so Feel so low I feel low, low I feel low, low, low I feel low, low, low I feel low, low, low I feel low, low, low I feel low, low, low Low, I feel low I feel low I feel low I feel so lonely I feel so lonely I feel so lonely, lonely, lonely, lone Lonely, lone I feel so alone, yeah  So lonely... 
demolition man-Police[SEP]Tied to the tracks and the train's just coming Strapped to the wing with the engine running You say that this wasn't in your plan And don't mess around with the demolition man  Tied to a chair, (and) the bomb is ticking This situation was not of your picking You say that this wasn't in your plan And don't mess around with the demolition man  I'm a walking nightmare, an arsenal of doom I kill conversation as I walk into the room I'm a three line whip I'm the sort of thing they ban I'm a walking disaster I'm a demolition man  You come to me like a moth to the flame It's love you need but I don't play that game 'Cos you could be my greatest fan But I'm nobody's friend I'm a demolition man  I'm a walking nightmare, an arsenal of doom I kill conversation as I walk into the room I'm a three line whip I'm the sort of thing they ban I'm a walking disaster I'm a demolition man  Demolition man... [to end] 
when the world is running down, you make the best of what's still around-Police[SEP]Turn on my V.C.R. Same one I've had for years James Brown on the T.A.M.I. show Same tape I've had for years I sit in my old car Same one I've had for years Old battery's running down It ran for years and years  Turn on the radio The static hurts my ears Tell me where would I go I ain't been out in years Turn on the stereo It's played for years and years An Otis Redding song It's all I own  When the world is running down You make the best of what's still around When the world is running down You make the best of what's still around  Plug in my M.C.I To excercise my brain Make records on my own Can't go out in the rain Pick up the telephone I've listened here for years No one to talk to me I've listened here for years  When the world is running down You make the best of what's still around When the world is running down You make the best of what's still around  When I feel lonely here Don't waste my time with tears I run 'Deep Throat' again It ran for years and years Don't like the food I eat The cans are running out Same food for years and years I hate the food I eat  When the world is running down You make the best of what's still around When the world is running down You make the best of what's still around  When the world is running down You make the best of what's still around When the world is running down You make the best of what's still around 
landlord-Police[SEP]I don't want to rent a house from you I don't know how you can expect me to I ain't moving cause I know my rights Too many homeless on the streets at night  You own a street and a block of flats You earn your living like the other rats You've no morality, what do you care You deal in poverty, you buy despair  I ain't moving 'till the bailiff comes I've got no weapons, gonna get me some I ain't moving 'till the bailiff comes I've got no weapons, gonna get me some  You go and call yourself a business man You're just a parasite on Pyllosan You're just a middle class middle aged shit You sold your granny for a three-penny bit  You own a street and a block of flats You earn your living like the other rats You've no morality, what do you care You deal in poverty, you buy despair  I ain't moving 'till the bailiff comes I've got no weapons, gonna get me some I ain't moving 'till the bailiff comes I've got no weapons, gonna get me some 
once upon a daydream(b-side)-Police[SEP]Once upon a daydream I fell in love with you Once upon a moonbeam I gave that love to you Once upon a lifetime I know it must be true When the months had turned us I'd have to marry you  Once upon a daydream Doesn't happen anymore Once upon a moonbeam This is no place for miracles  Once her daddy found out He threw her to the floor He killed her unborn baby And kicked me from the door Once upon a nightmare I bought myself a gun I blew her daddy's brains out Now hell has just begun  Once upon a daydream Doesn't happen anymore Once upon a moonbeam This is no place for sentiment  Once upon a lifetime A lifetime filled with tears The boy would pay for his crime With all of his natural years Once upon a daydream He'd make you his someday Once upon a moonbeam He'd dream his life away  Once upon a daydream Doesn't happen anymore Once upon a moonbeam This is no place for miracles  Once upon a daydream Once upon a daydream Once upon a daydream Once upon a day...dream 
roxanne-Police[SEP]Roxanne You don't have to put on the red light Those days are over You don't have to sell your body to the night  Roxanne You don't have to wear that dress tonight Walk the streets for money You don't care if it's wrong or if it's right  Roxanne You don't have to put on the red light Roxanne You don't have to put on the red light  Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Rox—  I loved you since I knew you I wouldn't talk down to you I have to tell you just how I feel I won't share you with another boy  I know my mind is made up So put away your make-up Told you once, I won't tell you again It's a bad way  Roxanne You don't have to put on the red light Roxanne You don't have to put on the red light  Roxanne (you don't have to put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (you don't have to put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (you don't have to put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) 
every little thing she does is magic-Police[SEP]Though I've tried before to tell her Of the feelings I have for her in my heart Every time that I come near her I just lose my nerve As I've done from the start  Every little thing she does is magic Everything she do just turns me on Even though my life before was tragic Now I know my love for her goes on  Do I have to tell the story Of a thousand rainy days since we first met It's a big enough umbrella But it's always me that ends up getting wet  Every little thing she does is magic Everything she do just turns me on Even though my life before was tragic Now I know my love for her goes on  I resolve to call her up a thousand times a day And ask her if she'll marry me in some old fashioned way But my silent fears have gripped me Long before I reach the phone Long before my tongue has tripped me Must I always be alone?  Every little thing she does is magic Everything she do just turns me on Even though my life before was tragic Now I know my love for her goes on  (Every little thing she does is magic Everything she do just turns me on Even though my life before was tragic Now I know my love for her goes on  Every little thing Every little thing Every little thing Every little thing Every little Every little Every little Every little thing she does Every little thing she does Every little thing she does Every little thing she does Thing she does is magic  Eee oh oh...)  Every little thing Every little thing Every little thing she does is magic magic magic Magic magic magic  [repeat second verse] 
visions of the night(from "walking on the moon" single)-Police[SEP]Gazed into the visions of the night Seen the darkness fall I've heard a mountain fall away from sight Heard that thunder call  I have seen the beast I call myself Creature of the night I feel the creeping darkness close That I need electric light  They say the meek shall inherit the earth How long will you keep it? They sow a harvest but what's it worth? There's no one left to reap it  Gazed into the visions of the night Seen the darkness fall I've heard a mountain fall away from sight Heard that thunder call  I have seen the beast I call myself Creature of the night I feel the creeping darkness close That I need electric light  They say the meek shall inherit the earth How long will you keep it? They sow a harvest but what's it worth? There's no one left to reap it  Gazed into the visions of the night Gazed into the visions of the night Gazed into the visions of the night Gazed into the visions of the night  They say the meek shall inherit the earth How long will you keep it? They sow a harvest but what's it worth? There's no one left to reap it  Gazed into the visions of the night Gazed into the visions of the night Gazed into the visions of the night Gazed into the visions of the night  I have gazed into the visions of the night I have gazed into the visions of the night 
be my girl - sally-Police[SEP]Will you be my girl? Would you be my girl? Would you be my, be my, be my girl? Will you be my girl? Would you be my girl? Would you be my, be my, be my girl?  Will you be my girl? Would you be my girl? Would you be my, be my, be my girl? Will you be my girl? Would you be my girl? Would you be my, be my, be my girl?  I was blue and lonely I couldn't sleep a wink And I could only get unconscious If I'd had too much to drink There was somehow something wrong somewhere And each day seemed grey and dead The seeds of desperation Were growing in me head I needed inspiration A brand new start in life Somewhere to place affection But I didn't want a wife  And then by lucky chance I saw In a special magazine An ad that was unusual The like I'd never seen "Experience something different With our new imported toy She's loving, warm, inflatable And a guarantee of joy"  She came all wrapped in cardboard Wore pink and shriveled down A breath of air was all she needed To make her lose that frown I took her to the bedroom And pumped her with some life And later, in a moment That girl became my wife  And so I sit her in the corner And sometimes stroke her hair And when I'm feeling naughty I blow her up with air She's cuddly and she's bouncy She's like a rubber ball I bounce her in the kitchen And I bounce her in the hall  And now my life is different Since Sally came my way I wake up in the morning And have her on a tray She's everything they say she was And I wear a permanent grin And I only have to worry In case my girl wears pins  Will you be my girl? Would you be my girl? Would you be my, be my, be my girl? Will you be my girl? Would you be my girl? Would you be my, be my, be my girl?  Will you be my girl? Would you be my girl? Would you be my, be my, be my girl? Will you be my girl? Would you be my girl? Would you be my, be my, be my girl? 
